https://www.tutorialspoint.com/android/android_interview_questions.htm
Android Interview Questions Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Android Basics Android - Home Android - Overview Android - Environment Setup Android - Architecture Android - Application Components Android - Hello World Example Android - Resources Android - Activities Android - Services Android - Broadcast Receivers Android - Content Providers Android - Fragments Android - Intents/Filters Android - User Interface Android - UI Layouts Android - UI Controls Android - Event Handling Android - Styles and Themes Android - Custom Components Android Advanced Concepts Android - Drag and Drop Android - Notifications Location Based Services Android - Sending Email Android - Sending SMS Android - Phone Calls Publishing Android Application Android Useful Examples Android - Alert Dialoges Android - Animations Android - Audio Capture Android - AudioManager Android - Auto Complete Android - Best Practices Android - Bluetooth Android - Camera Android - Clipboard Android - Custom Fonts Android - Data Backup Android - Developer Tools Android - Emulator Android - Facebook Integration Android - Gestures Android - Google Maps Android - Image Effects Android - ImageSwitcher Android - Internal Storage Android - JetPlayer Android - JSON Parser Android - Linkedin Integration Android - Loading Spinner Android - Localization Android - Login Screen Android - MediaPlayer Android - Multitouch Android - Navigation Android - Network Connection Android - NFC Guide Android - PHP/MySQL Android - Progress Circle Android - ProgressBar Android - Push Notification Android - RenderScript Android - RSS Reader Android - Screen Cast Android - SDK Manager Android - Sensors Android - Session Management Android - Shared Preferences Android - SIP Protocol Android - Spelling Checker Android - SQLite Database Android - Support Library Android - Testing Android - Text to Speech Android - TextureView Android - Twitter Integration Android - UI Design Android - UI Patterns Android - UI Testing Android - WebView Layout Android - Wi-Fi Android - Widgets Android - XML Parsers Android Useful Resources Android - Questions and Answers Android - Useful Resources Android - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Android Interview Questions Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Dear readers, these Android Interview Questions have been designed specially to get you acquainted with the nature of questions you may encounter during your interview for the subject of Android. As per my experience good interviewers hardly plan to ask any particular question during your interview, normally questions start with some basic concept of the subject and later they continue based on further discussion and what you answer ? What is Android? Android is a stack of software for mobile devices which includes an Operating System, middleware and some key applications. The application executes within its own process and its own instance of Dalvik Virtual Machine. Describe Android application Architecture? Android application architecture has the following components.They are as follows ? Services ? It will perform background functionalities Intent ? It will perform the inter connection between activities and the data passing mechanism Resource Externalization ? strings and graphics Notification ? light,sound,icon,notification,dialog box,and toast Content Providers ? It will share the data between applications What is An Activity? Activity performs actions on the screen.If you want to do any operations, we can do with activity What is the APK format? The Android packaging key is compressed with classes,UI's, supportive assets and manifest.All files are compressed to a single file is called APK. What is An Intent? It is connected to either the external world of application or internal world of application ,Such as, opening a pdf is an intent and connect to the web browser.etc. What is an explicit Intent? Android Explicit intent specifies the component to be invoked from activity. In other words, we can call another activity in android by explicit intent. What is an implicit Intent? Implicit Intent doesn't specifiy the component. In such case, intent provides information of available components provided by the system that is to be invoked. What is An android manifest file? Every application must have an AndroidManifest.xml file (with precisely that name) in its root directory. The manifest file presents essential information about your app to the Android system, information the system must have before it can run any of the app's code. What language does android support to develop an application? Android applications has written using the java(Android SDK) and C/C++(Android NDK). What do ADT stands for? ADT stands for Android development tool,This is useful to develop the applications and test the applications. What are the tools are placed in An Android SDK? Android SDK collaborated with Android Emulator,DDMS(Dalvik Debug Monitoring Services),AAPT(Android Asset Packaging tool) and ADB(Android debug bridge) What is viewGroup in android? View group is a collection of views and other child views, it is an invisible part and the base class for layouts. What is a service in android? The Service is like as an activity to do background functionalities without UI interaction. What is a content provider in android? A content provider component supplies data from one application to others on request. Such requests are handled by the methods of the ContentResolver class. A content provider can use different ways to store its data and the data can be stored in a database, in files, or even over a network. What are the notifications available in android? Toast Notification ? It will show a pop up message on the surface of the window Status Bar Notification ? It will show notifications on status bar Dialogue Notification ? It is an activity related notification. What is container in android? The container holds objects,widgets,labels,fields,icons,buttons.etc. What is ADB in android? It is acts as bridge between emulator and IDE, it executes remote shell commands to run applications on an emulator What is ANR in android? ANR stands for application is not responding, basically it is a dialog box that appears when the application is not responding. What is an Adapter in android? The Adapter is used to create child views to represent the parent view items. What is shared preferences in android? Shared preferences are the simplest mechanism to store the data in XML documents. What are the key components in android architecture? Linux Kernel Libraries Android Framework Android applications. What does the intent filter do in android? Intent filters are filter out the intents. Where layouts are placed in android? In The Layout folder, layouts are placed as XML files What is nine-patch images tool in android? We can change bitmap images in nine sections as four corners,four edges and an axis How many dialog boxes do support in android? AlertDialog, ProgressDialog,DatePickerDialog, and TimePickerDialog What are the exceptions available in android? InflateException,Surface.OutOfResourceException,SurfaceHolder.BadSurfaceTypeException,and WindowManager.BadTokenException What is the order of dialog-box in android? Positive, Neutral, Negative. What are the different storages available in android? Shared Preferences,Internal Storage,External Storage,SQLite Databases and Network Connection What is a Sticky Intent in android? Sticky Intent is also a type of intent which allows the communication between a function and a service for example,sendStickyBroadcast() is perform the operations after completion of intent also. How to Translate in Android? Android uses Google translator to translate data from one language into another language and placed as a string while development How is the use of web view in Android? WebView is UI component that can display either remote web-pages or static HTML Why can't you run java byte code on Android? Android uses DVM (Dalvik Virtual Machine ) rather using JVM(Java Virtual Machine), if we want, we can get access to .jar file as a library. How does android track the application on process? Android provides a Unique ID to all applications is called as Linux ID,this ID is used to track each application. How to change application name after its deployment? It's not truly recommended to change application name after it's deployment, if we change, it will impact on all other internal components. Define the application resource file in android? JSON,XML bitmap.etc are application resources.You can injected these files to build process and can load them from the code. How to launch an activity in android? Using with intent, we can launch an activity.  Intent intent = new Intent(this, MyTestActivity.class); startActivity(intent); How do you pass the data to sub-activities android? Using with Bundle, we can pass the data to sub activities.  Bundle bun = new Bundle(); bun.putString("EMAIL", "contact@tutorials.com"); What is singleton class in android? A class which can create only an object, that object can be share able to all other classes. What is fragment in android? Fragment is a piece of activity, if you want to do turn your application 360 degrees, you can do this by fragment. What is sleep mode in android? Sleep mode mean CPU will be sleeping and it doesn't accept any commands from android device except Radio interface layer and alarm. Which kernal is used in android? Android is customized Linux 3.6 kernel. How to update UI from a service in android? Use a dynamic broadcast receiver in the activity, and send a broadcast from the service. Once the dynamic receiver is triggered update UI from that receiver. What folders are impotent in android project? AndroidManifest.xml build.xml bin/ src/ res/ assets/ What are application Widgets in android? App Widgets are miniature application views that can embedded in other applications (such as the Home screen) and receive periodic updates. These views has referred to as Widgets in the user interface, and you can publish one with an App Widget provider. How do you find any view element into your program? Using with findViewById we can find view element. What is drawable folder in android? A compiled visual resource that can used as a backgrounds,banners, icons,splash screen etc. What are the type of flags to run an application in android? FLAG_ACTIVITY_NEW_TASK FLAG_ACTIVITY_CLEAR_TOP. What is Next? Further you can go through your past assignments you have done with the subject and make sure you are able to speak confidently on them. If you are fresher then interviewer does not expect you will answer very complex questions, rather you have to make your basics concepts very strong. Second it really doesn't matter much if you could not answer few questions but it matters that whatever you answered, you must have answered with confidence. So just feel confident during your interview. We at tutorialspoint wish you best luck to have a good interviewer and all the very best for your future endeavor. Cheers :-) android_questions_answers.htm Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
