https://www.tutorialspoint.com/angularjs/angularjs_online_quiz.htm
AngularJS Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses AngularJS Tutorial AngularJS - Home AngularJS - Overview AngularJS - Environment Setup AngularJS - MVC Architecture AngularJS - First Application AngularJS - Directives AngularJS - Expressions AngularJS - Controllers AngularJS - Filters AngularJS - Tables AngularJS - HTML DOM AngularJS - Modules AngularJS - Forms AngularJS - Includes AngularJS - AJAX AngularJS - Views AngularJS - Scopes AngularJS - Services AngularJS - Dependency Injection AngularJS - Custom Directives AngularJS - Internationalization AngularJS Applications AngularJS - ToDo Application AngularJS - Notepad Application AngularJS - Bootstrap Application AngularJS - Login Application AngularJS - Upload File AngularJS - In-line Application AngularJS - Nav Menu AngularJS - Switch Menu AngularJS - Order Form AngularJS - Search Tab AngularJS - Drag Application AngularJS - Cart Application AngularJS - Translate Application AngularJS - Chart Application AngularJS - Maps Application AngularJS - Share Application AngularJS - Weather Application AngularJS - Timer Application AngularJS - Leaflet Application AngularJS - Lastfm Application AngularJS Useful Resources AngularJS - Questions and Answers AngularJS - Quick Guide AngularJS - Useful Resources AngularJS - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who AngularJS Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to AngularJS Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 2 - What is deep linking in AngularJS? A - Deep linking allows you to encode the state of application in the URL so that it can be bookmarked. B - Deep linking is a SEO based technique. C - Deep linking refers to linking various views to a central page. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Deep linking allows you to encode the state of application in the URL so that it can be bookmarked. The application can then be restored from the URL to the same state. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following is true about lowercase filter? A - Lowercase filter converts a text to lower case text. B - Lowercase filter is a function which takes text as input. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Lowercase filter converts a text to lower case text. It is simply added to AngularJS expression to filter out the result. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about ng-show directive? A - ng-show directive can show a given control. B - ng-show directive can hide a given control. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination ng-show directive shows/hides a given control. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following is true about ng-include directive? A - Embed HTML pages within a HTML page using ng-include directive B - Embed JS files within a HTML page using ng-include directive C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Using AngularJS, we can embed HTML pages within a HTML page using ng-include directive. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following is true about provider? A - provider is used by AngularJS internally to create services, factory etc. B - provider is used during config phase. C - provider is a special factory method. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination provider is used by AngularJS internally to create services, factory etc. during config phase(phase during which AngularJS bootstraps itself). Below mention script can be used to create MathService that we've created earlier. Provider is a special factory method with a method get() which is used to return the value/service/factory. Show Answer Q 7 - Scope act as glue between controller and view. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination Scopes are objects that refer to the model. They act as glue between controller and view. Show Answer Q 8 - With AngularJS, developer writes less code and gets more functionality. A - false B - true Answer : B Explaination With AngularJS, developer writes less code and gets more functionality. Show Answer Q 9 - ng-init directive can be used to put values to the variables to be used in the application. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination ng-init directive can be used to put values to the variables to be used in the application. Show Answer Q 10 - We can use $dirty and $invalid flags to do the form validations. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination Show Answer angularjs_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
