https://www.tutorialspoint.com/autocad_online_training/index.asp
AutoCAD Online Training - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs AutoCAD Online Training Simply Easy Learning   Arnab Chakraborty    Design, Design Tools    Published on 08/2019 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback AutoCAD 1 Lectures AutoCAD - Introduction 01:19 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf AutoCade Basics 11 Lectures Gaining Basic Drawing Skills 11 Lectures Using Drawing Aids 3 Lectures Editing Entities 10 Lectures Shaping Curves 2 Lectures Controlling Object Visibility & Appearance 6 Lectures Organizing Objects 3 Lectures Hatching and Gradients 1 Lectures Creating and Editing Text 3 Lectures Dimensioning 5 Lectures Template and Annotative Objects 2 Lectures Working with Data 3 Lectures Isometric View 1 Lectures Description AutoCAD is one of the recommended design software applications because it provides professionals in these niches with unique drafting tools that can be used to bring their engineering ideas to life with the accuracy they require. This tutorial is only for beginners of AutoCAD learning. Audience AutoCAD is a 2-D and 3-D computer-aided drafting software application used in architecture, construction, and manufacturing to assist in the preparation of blueprints and other engineering plans. Professionals who use AutoCAD are often referred to as drafters. 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 4.5 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 62 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
