https://www.cbc.ca/kidscbc2/the-feed/awesome-athletes-you-may-not-know-were-adopted
Awesome athletes you may not know were adopted | Explore | Awesome Activities & Fun Facts | CBC Kids CBC Kids | Play Games, Watch Video, Explore Toggle navigation Menu Explore Videos Games explore,article, Explore All Awesome athletes you may not know were adopted   (Photo by Francois Nel/Getty Images) There are many reasons why someone is adopted or legally raised by someone who is not their birth parent. Check out some great athletes who you may not have known were adopted. Simone Biles (Photo by Francois Nel/Getty Images) Simone and her three siblings were born in Columbus, Ohio. Their biological parents were unable to care for their children, so Simone’s grandfather and his second wife adopted Simone and one of her siblings, and his sister adopted the other two. Her adoptive parents introduced her to gymnastics at the age of six. Simone has won 20 Olympic and World Championship medals combined — more than any other gymnast in her country’s history! Many consider her the greatest gymnast of all time.   Michael Oher Michael Oher plays left tackle for Mississippi in 2006. (AP Photo/Rogelio C. Solis, File) Michael’s childhood was filled with challenges — he went to 11 different schools between kindergarten and grade 9. His mother had 12 children, and his father was in and out of prison. He lived in different foster homes, and at times, he was even homeless. Michael was eventually adopted by a kind couple whose children attended the same school that he did. Michael became a star player at the University of Mississippi. He was a first-round pick in the NFL’s 2009 draft and has played for three pro football teams. His life story was made into a movie called The Blind Side. Aaron Judge Aaron Judge, #99 of the New York Yankees. (Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images) Aaron was adopted very early in his life — the day after he was born! His adoption is known as a closed adoption. This means that he has never met or contacted his birth parents. Aaron has expressed no interest in meeting his biological parents and views his adoptive parents as his only parents. He also credits them with teaching him the value of hard work and respect.  Aaron had one of the most amazing rookie seasons in baseball history! He hit a major league rookie record of 52 home runs, was named an all-star and the American League Rookie of the Year in 2017. Colin Kaepernick San Franciso 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick runs from Los Angeles Rams player William Hayes in 2016. (Photo by Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images) Activist and NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick was adopted when he was still a baby. At age four, he moved to California in the U.S. with his adoptive parents. By the time he was nine he was already playing quarterback on his youth football team. A natural athlete, Colin was a talented baseball and basketball player too! He went on to become a star on his college football team, where he also excelled at his studies. And in 2012 he led his NFL team, the San Francisco 49ers, to the Superbowl. That year he also broke the record for most rushing yards by a quarterback in a single game, with 181. Today, Colin is more focused on social justice and activism — that means trying to bring about positive change and equality in the world. He’s also got an upcoming book for kids, called I Color Myself Different, about growing up looking different from his adopted parents.             More cool posts! Pan Am Games Victoria Moors: Pan Am artistic gymnastics hopeful video Pan Am Games Clare McGovern: Pan Am synchronized swimming hopeful video Football Facts Super Bowl Sunday: 7 fun facts and football terms to know! Pan Am Games Kristen Sears: Pan Am track cycling hopeful video | CBC Parents TV Schedule Terms of Use Privacy Copyright Other Policies Sitemap Copyright Â© CBC 2021
