https://www.bbc.co.uk/taster
BBC Taster Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Menu Search Search the BBCSearch the BBC Search BBCSearch BBC BBC Taster Try, rate, share our new ideas Taster in a minute More More new (try all) new (try all) art & culture clever tech know how Philip 21 Explore the complexities and pitfalls of modern day dating in this interactive experience 11 months left 4/5 Top rated Shared Tried 1 Computer Literacy Project Archive 4 stars 2 Philip 21 4 stars 3 Pick A Part 4 stars 1 Computer Literacy Project Archive 49 shares 2 Home - A VR Spacewalk 39 shares 3 We Wait VR 16 shares 1 Spectrum Sounds 34 tries 2 Philip 21 33 tries 3 Pick A Part 20 tries Follow Us @BBCTaster Pick A Part Turn your devices into BBC Philharmonic musicians! 4 months left 3.5/5 What's Taster? Computer Literacy Project Archive Remember the BBC Micro Computer & 1980s programmes about computing? Watch 150 programmes, thousands of clips and run the original software 3 months left 4/5 We Wait VR A Virtual Reality story about one family's journey from Syria to Europe 2 months left 3.5/5 Home - A VR Spacewalk A Truly Out of this World Experience 1 month left 3/5 Last chance to rate these ideas! Spectrum Sounds Connect your devices and take a musical journey through the spectrum 11 days left 3/5 11 days left to rate! See previous ideas on Taster Flight of The Conchords It's nature, it's nature time! 4/5 Tell Me Your Secrets: Binaural Experience this WW2 graphic novel in binaural sound 3.5/5 View all pilots Taster is where you can Try, Rate and Share new ideas from the BBC and its partners. All content on this site is designed for people over 16, and may contain adult themes. We really want your feedback to help us steer future research and development. Taster will be updated regularly as ideas come and go. For more see About Taster and the Terms of Use. You are entering an experimental area Some ideas could break! Find out more Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds CBBC CBeebies Food Bitesize Arts Taster Local Three Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Get Personalised NewslettersCopyright © 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
