https://www.tutorix.com/tutorix-for-schools.htm
Best Learning App for Schools - Tutorix 1800-833-6464 Buy Activation Why Tutorix Features Login Tutorix for Schools School Plans Available Globally Tutorix provides a perfect solution for your school. Make it part of your students study kit and same time give a fantastic tool to your teachers for effective classroom teaching for a guaranteed improved result at Amazingly Low Price. Quick Overview Customized Branded App with your School Logo and Color themes Build your School Brand with tutorix to stand out from the rest Play HD Videos in your classroom TV or Projector to explain complex subject in easy way. Separate access to tutorix account for every student to revise concepts at home. A centralized dashboard for the teachers to check students progress and performance. Various performance reports including top performers and low performers. Fun filled learning through high quality audio and video. Clear, crisp and to the point text notes for quick revision. Practice to perfection using quizzes and mock tests. Analyze progress and performance at every step. Great tools to optimize the teaching and learning. For a Free Demo Contact Sales ï»¿ Referral Program Distribute the referral code to your friends and ask them to register with Tutorix using this referral code. Once we get 15 subscriptions with your referral code, we will activate your 1 year subscription absolutely free. Your subscribed friend will also get 1 month subscription absolutely free. Ask Your Doubts We are really eager to clarify your doubts An amazing way to learn Maths and Science through high quality visuals for 6th to class 12th, NEET and IIT/JEE exams preparation. Join Now 1800-833-6464 contact@tutorix.com Company About Us Our Team Our Faculty Behind the Scene Tutorix for Schools Contact Us FAQ Reseller Opportunity Follow us Available on Â© Copyright 2021, Tutorials Point India Limited. All Rights Reserved Terms of use  | Refund Policy  | Privacy Policy Your trail period will expire in 0 days, please Buy Activation to continue your learning.
