https://www.tutorialspoint.com/answers/bhanu-priya
Bhanu Priya has Published 1030 Answers Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Java JSP iOS HTML Android Python C Programming C++ Programming C# PHP CSS Javascript jQuery SAP SAP HANA Data Structure RDBMS MySQL Mathematics 8085 Microprocessor Operating System Digital Electronics Analysis of Algorithms Mobile Development Front End Web Development Selenium MongoDB Computer Network General Topics Q/A Library eBooks Courses Trending Categories Data Structure Networking RDBMS Operating System Java iOS HTML CSS Android Python C Programming C++ C# MongoDB MySQL Javascript PHP Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Bhanu Priya has Published 1030 Answers What are ultra-dense networks and new services and applications in 5G networks? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:13:12 Let us understand what an ultra-dense network is.Ultra-Dense NetworkThe dense networks deliver the best of the user experience to the users. This type of network allows the users to get the best result by the use of the densification. The density here can be the absolute or relative density in ... Read More What are the challenges faced by transport layer protocol? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:12:06 In the OSI (Open System Interconnection) model, the transport layer is one of the seven layers and it is responsible for the end to end communication between the sender and receiver over the internet. It provides logical communication between the sender and receiver and ensures the end to end delivery ... Read More Differentiate between Arp and BGP Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:10:25 BGP stands for Border gateway protocol. It is used to exchange the routing information between the networks. It makes the internet work. It always selects the local path preference. Because of the below reasons it is choosing the path than the best path.- Firstly RIP (Routing Information Protocol) selects the ... Read More What are the basic building blocks of IPSec VPN tunnelling? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:09:25 The basic building blocks of the IPsec vpn tunnelling are as follows ?Authentication header ? it is used to verify the identity of the sender of the data and to check whether it is altered or not. It ties data in every data packet to a verifiable signature. It is ... Read More What are network troubleshooting tools? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:07:03 The network troubleshooting tools are classified into two types ?Hardware toolsThe hardware tools included in the network troubleshooting are explained below ?Cable testerIt is also known as a media tester. It is used to test whether the cable works properly or not. The cable testers will confirm whether a cable ... Read More What are security features of the 4G cellular network? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:06:05 4G cellular network is actually the fourth generation of cellular communications.Features of 4GIt comes up with many features which are given below ?10x high speed as compared to 3GThe cost is also less for each bit used.It is highly secured too.It comes up with LTE i.e. Long term evaluation which ... Read More What are VLAN, NAT and private IP’s in computer networks? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:04:58 Let us begin by learning about Virtual LAN (VLAN).Virtual LAN (VLAN)VLANs are logical grouping of devices which are in the same broadcast domain. Computers, servers, network devices are connected logically and their physical location don't matter. We use VLANs to manage traffic, to make the security improved.A VLAN is used ... Read More What is big data? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:03:49 In simple language, big data is a collection of data that is larger, more complex than traditional data, and yet growing exponentially with time. It is so huge that no traditional data management software or tool can manage, store, or can process it efficiently. So, it needs to be processed ... Read More What are the functions of network address translation? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:02:28 Network Address Translation (NAT) is a mechanism, through which one or more local IP addresses are translated into one or more global IP addresses. To access the local host also, the global IP addresses are converted to the local IP address.Network Address Translation (NAT) TypesThere are three ways to construct ... Read More What are the general techniques to improve the quality of service? Computer NetworkInternetMCA Bhanu Priya Published on 16-Sep-2021 07:00:17 Quality of service (QoS) in the case of networking implies the ability of a network to provide reliable service to the traffic over various technologies including Ethernet, wireless, IP, Asynchronous Mode etc.QOS in case of network congestion must keep in record various elements causing this congestion. It may be due ... Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 103 Next Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Helping Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
