https://www.tutorialspoint.com/big_data_and_hadoop_online_training/index.asp
Big Data &amp; Hadoop Online Training - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Big Data & Hadoop Online Training Simply Easy Learning   Arnab Chakraborty    Business, Data Analytics, Data Analytics Other    Published on 08/2019 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Big Data Overview 5 Lectures Big Data and Hadoop - Introduction 01:45 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Big Data Overview 05:03 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Types of Data Under Big Data 04:43 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Big Data Technologies 05:38 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Five V's In Big Data 02:57 Hadoop Overview 6 Lectures Hadoop Environment Setup 7 Lectures Hadoop HDFS 6 Lectures Hadoop MapReduce 6 Lectures Introduction To HBase 10 Lectures Introduction to Hive 7 Lectures Introduction To Pig 8 Lectures Introduction to Spark 6 Lectures Introduction To Oozie 4 Lectures Description Hadoop is an open-source framework that allows to store and process big data in a distributed environment across clusters of computers using simple programming models. It is designed to scale up from single servers to thousands of machines, each offering local computation and storage. This video tutorial provides a quick introduction to Big Data, MapReduce algorithms, Hadoop Distributed File System and also basic concepts of HBase, Hive, Pig, Spark and Oozie. Audience This tutorial has been prepared for professionals aspiring to learn the basics of Big Data Analytics using Hadoop Framework and become a Hadoop Developer. Software Professionals, Analytics Professionals, and ETL developers are the key beneficiaries of this course. 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 6 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 65 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
