https://www.tutorialspoint.com/bootstrap/bootstrap_online_quiz.htm
Bootstrap - Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Bootstrap Tutorial Bootstrap - Home Bootstrap - Overview Bootstrap - Environment Setup Bootstrap with CSS Bootstrap - Grid System Bootstrap - CSS Overview Bootstrap - Typography Bootstrap - Code Bootstrap - Tables Bootstrap - Forms Bootstrap - Buttons Bootstrap - Images Bootstrap - Helper Classes Bootstrap - Responsive utilities Bootstrap Layout Components Bootstrap - Glyphicons Bootstrap - Dropdowns Bootstrap - Button Groups Bootstrap - Button Dropdowns Bootstrap - Input Groups Bootstrap - Navigation Elements Bootstrap - Navbar Bootstrap - Breadcrumb Bootstrap - Pagination Bootstrap - Labels Bootstrap - Badges Bootstrap - Jumbotron Bootstrap - Page Header Bootstrap - Thumbnails Bootstrap - Alerts Bootstrap - Progress Bars Bootstrap - Media Object Bootstrap - List Group Bootstrap - Panels Bootstrap - Wells Bootstrap Plugins Bootstrap - Plugins Overview Bootstrap - Transition Plugin Bootstrap - Modal Plugin Bootstrap - Dropdown Plugin Bootstrap - Scrollspy Plugin Bootstrap - Tab Plugin Bootstrap - Tooltip Plugin Bootstrap - Popover Plugin Bootstrap - Alert Plugin Bootstrap - Button Plugin Bootstrap - Collapse Plugin Bootstrap - Carousel Plugin Bootstrap - Affix Plugin Bootstrap Demos Bootstrap - Grid Demo Bootstrap - Table Demo Bootstrap - Form Demo Bootstrap - Buttons Demo Bootstrap - Images Demo Bootstrap - Responsive Demo Bootstrap - Navigation Demo Bootstrap - Blog Demo Bootstrap - Material Design Demo Bootstrap - Slider Demo Bootstrap - Time line Demo Bootstrap - Alert Demo Bootstrap - Admin Interface Demo Bootstrap - Ajax Demo Bootstrap - Tabbed slider Demo Bootstrap - Caption Demo Bootstrap - Map Demo Bootstrap - Calendar Demo Bootstrap - Social Icons Demo Bootstrap - Icons Demo Bootstrap - featured Demo Bootstrap Useful Resources Bootstrap - Questions and Answers Bootstrap - Quick Guide Bootstrap - Useful Resources Bootstrap - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Bootstrap - Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Bootstrap Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is correct about Bootstrap cross browser consistency? A - Bootstrap uses Normalize to establish cross browser consistency. B - Normalize.css is a modern, HTML5-ready alternative to CSS resets. C - Normalize.css is a small CSS file that provides better cross-browser consistency in the default styling of HTML elements. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following class indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action? A - .active B - .success C - .warning D - .danger Answer : D Explanation .danger ? Indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following bootstrap style of button indicates a successful or positive action? A - .btn B - .btn-primary C - .btn-success D - .btn-info Answer : C Explanation .btn-success ? Indicates a successful or positive action. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following bootstrap style is used for a basic button group? A - .btn-group B - .btn-toolbar C - .btn-group-lg D - .btn-group-vertical Answer : A Explanation .btn-group ? This class is used for a basic button group. Wrap a series of buttons with class .btn in .btn-group. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following bootstrap styles are used to create a tabbed navigation? A - .nav, .nav-tabs B - .nav, .nav-pills C - .nav, .nav-pills, .nav-stacked D - .nav, .nav-tabs, .nav-justified Answer : A Explanation To create a tabbed navigation .menu: Start with a basic unordered list with the base class of .nav and add class .nav-tabs. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following bootstrap style is used to create a .pagination? A - .breadcrumb B - .pagination C - .menu D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation .pagination: Add this class to get the .pagination on your page. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following is correct about Bootstrap jumbotron? A - This component can optionally increase the size of headings and add a lot of margin for landing page content. B - To use the Jumbotron: Create a container <div> with the class of .jumbotron. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Both of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following is correct about data-keyboard Data attribute of Modal Plugin? A - It specifies static for a backdrop, if you don't want the modal to be closed when the user clicks outside of the modal. B - It closes the modal when escape key is pressed; set to false to disable. C - It shows the modal when initialized. D - Using the jQuery .load method, injects content into the modal body. If an href with a valid URL is added, it will load that content. Answer : B Explanation data-keyboard ? Closes the modal when escape key is pressed; set to false to disable. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is correct about data-selector Data attribute of Tooltip Plugin? A - Applies a CSS fade transition to the tooltip. B - Inserts HTML into the tooltip. If false, jQuery's text method will be used to insert content into the dom. C - Specifies how to position the tooltip (i.e., top|bottom|left|right|auto). D - Delegates to the specified targets. Answer : D Explanation data-selector ? If a selector is provided, tooltip objects will be delegated to the specified targets. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is correct about data-trigger Data attribute of popover Plugin? A - Sets the default title value if the title attribute isn't present. B - Defines how the popover is triggered. C - Defines default content value if data-content attribute isn't present D - Delays showing and hiding the popover in ms. Answer : B Explanation data-trigger ? Defines how the popover is triggered: click| hover | focus | manual. You may pass multiple triggers; separate them with a space. Show Answer bootstrap_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
