https://www.cicnews.com/
CIC News | The Voice of Canadian Immigration The voice of Canadian immigration close Immigration Express Entry PNP Quebec Canada Jobs Family Visit Study Settle Analysis About Subscribe Advertise Canada extends online study eligibility period for PGWP applicants By Shelby Thevenot New Canadian travel and border measures take effect tomorrow By Alexandra Miekus How will $10-per-day child care impact Canada’s immigrants? By Kareem El-Assal ' Canada had more than 1 million job vacancies in September Statistics Canada's job vacancy report suggests more employers are hiring, but there remain many vacant positions. By Kareem El-Assal Canada bans flights from South Africa and neighbouring countries Health officials halt travel to south African nations to prevent the spread of a new COVID-19 variant. By Shelby Thevenot Saskatchewan announces new immigration program Hard-to-Fill Skills Pilot Program created to support Saskatchewan's labour market demands in key sectors. By Shelby Thevenot Visiting Canada this winter? How to avoid criminal inadmissibility issues at the border You have three major options if you wish to overcome criminal inadmissibility when visiting Canada. By Daniel Levy IRCC looking to tackle Express Entry backlogs before resuming FSWP and CEC invitations A recent internal IRCC memo sheds light on why the department is not currently inviting FSWP and CEC candidates. By Kareem El-Assal How to sponsor your spouse from Pakistan Here is an overview of the sponsorship process if your spouse or common-law partner is living in Pakistan. By Alexandra Miekus Express Entry: Canada invites 613 in new PNP draw Although Canada has held more PNP draws this year, it has still issued more invitations to CEC candidates. By Shelby Thevenot Alberta PNP invites 200 Express Entry candidates Alberta has invited 6,359 Express Entry candidates to apply for a provincial nomination in 2021. By Alexandra Miekus British Columbia invites 357 in new PNP draws The BC PNP is designed to attract foreign workers who are in high demand in the province and who want to become permanent residents. By Alexandra Miekus Immigrate to Canada without a job offer: Nova Scotia PNP Nova Scotia seeks to increase its population and economic growth through immigration and the influx of newcomers from abroad. By Alexandra Miekus See latest articles Stay up to date with the latest news on Canadian Immigration. Subscribe Trending Canada has a backlog of nearly 1.8 million immigration applications IRCC looking to tackle Express Entry backlogs before resuming FSWP and CEC invitations Immigrate to Canada without a job offer: Nova Scotia PNP Sean Fraser prepared to increase Canada’s immigration levels even as 46,000 immigrants landed in October How to write a Canadian resume Nova Scotia offering immigration pathways to food service workers Express Entry PNP Canada Jobs Family Visit Analysis About Our Standards RSS Feeds Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Unsubscribe Subscribe to our Newsletter Subscribe Â© CIC News
