https://www.tutorialspoint.com/complete-signalr-on-asp-net-core/index.asp
Complete SignalR on ASP.NET Core - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Complete SignalR on ASP.NET Core Enabling two-way real-time communication between the client and the server on ASP.NET Core   Fiodar Sazanavets    DotNet Technologies, Web Development    Published on 11/2021 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Introduction 4 Lectures Introduction 02:27 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Transport mechanisms 03:06 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Setting up your environment Setting up your solution 03:39 Setting up SignalR hub 6 Lectures Setting up SignalR clients 14 Lectures SignalR and security 11 Lectures Scaling out SignalR 12 Lectures SignalR streaming 6 Lectures Wrapping up 1 Lectures Description Are you a web developer or do you write IoT software? If so, you would know that many web and IoT development projects these days require the ability to establish a persistent connection between a client and a server without having to keep sending repeated requests from the client. As you may also know, such functionality may be hard to implement.  However, as you would already know, nothing in programming is simple in absolute terms. Programming is a complex activity, so even those concepts that are relatively simple require some practice and studying. This is why this course has been created. By the end of it, you should be able to build a web application that clients will be able to establish a persistent connection with and exchange the data with in real time. What you’ll learn All the fundamentals of SignalR on .NET 5 version of ASP.NET Core How to send various data types to SignalR hub on the server-side How to use JavaScript client How to use .NET client How to use Blazor WebAssembly client How to use a plain WebSocket client How to send messages to individual anonymous clients and authenticated users How to enable authentication and authorization in your hub How to scale your application out by using Redis and Azure How to make other server-side components interact with your SignalR hub In the nutshell, the course teaches almost everything you will ever encounter while working with SignalR, while also covering some non-standard use cases. What Will I Get ? What you will learn: All the fundamentals of SignalR on .NET 5 of ASP.NET Core (and  higher) How to send various data types to SignalR hub on the server-side How to use JavaScript client How to use .NET client How to use Blazor WebAssembly client How to use a plain WebSocket client How to send messages to individual anonymous clients and authenticated users How to enable authentication and authorization in your hub How to scale your application out by using Redis and Azure How to make other server-side components interact with your SignalR hub Requirements The course prerequisites are: Be able to build basic web applications on ASP.NET Core Who this course is for: Web developers or IoT developers who want to enable a persistent real-time communication between the client and the server 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 1 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 54 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
