https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime-pack/complete-python-prime-pack/index.asp
Complete Python Prime Pack - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Complete Python Prime Pack 9 Hand-picked courses & 2 best E-books to become a Python expert   Tutorialspoint    Development, Python, Programming Languages, Data Science and AI ML, Python Testing Prime Pack Content Overview Learn Python Programming From A-Z: Beginner To Expert Course Video 98  Lectures  |   11 hr 7 min  |   7  Preview Lectures Build An API With The Django Rest Framework Using Python Video 20  Lectures  |   1 hr 16 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Build Python Django Real Project: Django Web Development Video 79  Lectures  |   10 hr 1 min  |   9  Preview Lectures Python Bootcamp Build 15 working Applications and Games Video 375  Lectures  |   31 hr 32 min  |   6  Preview Lectures Developing with S3: AWS with Python and Boto3 Series Video 37  Lectures  |   2 hr 59 min  |   6  Preview Lectures Python for Data Science: From Fundamentals To Advanced Video 95  Lectures  |   6 hr 55 min  |   8  Preview Lectures Decision Trees, Random Forests, AdaBoost & XGBoost in Python Video 41  Lectures  |   5 hr 3 min  |   5  Preview Lectures Data Science Bootcamp with Power BI and Python Video 52  Lectures  |   3 hr 53 min  |   5  Preview Lectures Computer Vision: Python OCR & Object Detection Quick Starter Video 49  Lectures  |   4 hr 39 min  |   4  Preview Lectures Python Tutorial Ebook 405 Pages Python Tutorial Preview Building Machine Learning Systems Using Python Ebook 161 Pages Building Machine Learning Systems Using Python Preview Description About the Prime Pack: Welcome to our Python Premium Packs. It will grant complete & targeted education on one of the most up-to-date & most influential programming languages in the world. Python language has a trouble-free syntax that makes it very attractive to beginners and advanced levels. It’s additionally very bendy and scalable and has a very vibrant, international neighborhood of users. Learn to build Web Applications and Games like tic-tac-toe, Egg Scratcher, Dice Rolling Simulator, and many more such games in Python. At Tutorialspoint, we have designed our premium pack in such a way that you can use python for just about anything - from beginner level to advanced level, Bootcamp, understanding data structures, and algorithms using python, machine learning, and much more. Scope of Python Programming: Most Used Programming Language among Developers as of early 2022 4 out of 5 developers claim that Python is their main language! A Python developer can earn as much as $118,000 a year! Python is the second most sought-after language on the internet. Python is one of the official languages used by Google! Why Should you get this Prime Pack: 9 courses 750+ Lectures 88+ Hrs HD Videos 15+ Projects Course Curates By Industry Experts Up-to-Date Curriculum 2 E-books Full Lifetime Access 30 Days Refund Policy Certificate on each course Completion Goals Overview of Python Programming Language Concepts Based on Beginners and Advanced Level to Learn from the Scratch Easy Tips & Tricks to Learn Python Learning and Implementing Python through Object Orientation and Data Files Using DataScience with Python to Build Games, Maps, and Desktop Application Understanding Complexity and Difficulty of Data Structures Prerequisites Basic knowledge of programming concepts Access to a computer that runs the Windows, Mac, or Linux operating system. Internet Connection This Prime Pack Includes : 77.5 hours 9 Video Courses 2 eBooks Lifetime Access Price - You Save Add to Cart Buy Now About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
