https://www.tutorialspoint.com/complete_wordpress_training_for_beginners/index.asp
Complete Wordpress Training For Beginners - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Complete Wordpress Training For Beginners Learn to Build Wordpress Websites and Blogs from Scratch   Eduonix Learning Solutions    Marketing, Digital Marketing    Published on 12/2019 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Wordpress 101 4 Lectures Introduction to Complete Wordpress Course for Beginners 04:55 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Introduction to Blogging 14:29 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Intro to Wordpress and Content Management 14:07 Wordpress.org and Wordpress.com 12:51 Getting Started 3 Lectures Pages and Posts 4 Lectures Plugins in Wordpress 3 Lectures Wordpress Themes 5 Lectures Description Our course in Wordpress has been designed from a beginners perspective to provide a step by step guide from ground up to going live with your Wordpress website. It not only covers the conceptual framework of a wordpress based system but also covers the practical aspects of building a modern website or a blog. This is surely a "How To Guide on Wordpress" and after this course you will be able to build your own professional websites for your business or for your self. You will start with Wordpress building blocks and Installation and follow it with the theory of Content Management. You will then learn the major building blocks of the Wordpress Admin Panel. The next unit will teach you about Posts, pages and Forums. Plugin Management is the next unit which will teach you to add cool galleries and videos to your Website or Blog. You will also get to know about SEO and Meta tags. The last unit will be about themes which makes your site looks professional and give it the design you like. You will also learn to create your own themes. We are sure you will be a Wordpress Guru after this course. Who this course is for: Anyone who wants to create a professional Website or Blog What Will I Get ? Understand the Conceptual Framework of WordPress Learn the Building Blocks of a WordPress Site Launch your own Professional Website or Blog Learn to create and manage your own Wordpress Themes Requirements Access to Internet 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 4 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 19 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
