https://www.tutorialspoint.com/create-free-desktop-mobile-friendly-web-pages-in-2-hours/index.asp
Create Free Desktop & Mobile friendly Web pages in 2 hours - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Create Free Desktop & Mobile friendly Web pages in 2 hours Create and design desktop and mobile-friendly websites using Canvas design tool for Free   Mohit Khoria    Design, Web Design, Graphic Design    Published on 11/2021 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Building web pages from scratch 8 Lectures Create a Canva account, understand the Canva dashboard and design a Home Page. 14:15 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Design an About Us page. 09:24 Design Services page 11:10 Design a Success Story page and link to Facebook account 14:13 Design a Contact Us page and link to different social media channels 10:19 Publish the website 05:43 Design a sample mobile friendly website and publish it 10:36 Advantages and disadvantages of Canva Website 07:36 Description Welcome to Create Free Desktop & Mobile-friendly Web pages in 2 hours! You’re joining hundreds of learners currently enrolled in the course. I'm excited to have you in the class and look forward to your contributions to the learning community. SUMMARY: By the end of this course, you will be able to create ready to publish Desktop friendly and Mobile-friendly webpages with the help of the Canva graphic design tool. These simple web pages can be independently published with help of Canva URLs or URL shorteners. This course will include an introduction to Canva, how to design Desktop and Mobile friendly web pages and linking these pages to Social media channels, and prepare these simple web pages for publishing or can be shared with the help of Canva URLs or URL shorteners. In this course, you will: Use Features in Canva Create Desktop and Mobile-friendly webpages Prepare these websites for publishing with Canva URL or URL shorteners Learn step-by-step In this course, we will walk you through these steps: Create Canva Account, Understand Canva Dashboard, and Design Home Page Design About Us Page Design Services Page Design Success Story Page and Link to Facebook Account Publish Website Design Contact Us Page and Link to different Social Media Channels Design Sample Mobile-friendly Website and Publish it. Advantages and Disadvantages of Canva Websites SKILLS YOU WILL DEVELOP Digital Marketing Social Media Business Graphic Design Marketing Good luck as you get started, and I hope you enjoy the course! Who this course is for: Someone who wants to create web pages Front-end Web developers who creates website Digital marketer who wants to market product/services Professionals who want to create e-portfolio Someone who wants to learn about graphic designing and Canva software Someone who want to learn web designing and creation What Will I Get ? Discover the Canva Dashboard Design Desktop and Mobile-friendly Webpages. Prepare these websites for publishing with Canva URL or URL shorteners Requirements Laptop with Internet connection Basic understanding of Canva 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 1 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 8 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
