https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/data_structures_algorithms_online_quiz.htm
Data Structures Algorithms Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Data Structures & Algorithms DSA - Home DSA - Overview DSA - Environment Setup Algorithm DSA - Algorithms Basics DSA - Asymptotic Analysis DSA - Greedy Algorithms DSA - Divide and Conquer DSA - Dynamic Programming Data Structures DSA - Data Structure Basics DSA - Array Data Structure Linked Lists DSA - Linked List Basics DSA - Doubly Linked List DSA - Circular Linked List Stack & Queue DSA - Stack DSA - Expression Parsing DSA - Queue Searching Techniques DSA - Linear Search DSA - Binary Search DSA - Interpolation Search DSA - Hash Table Sorting Techniques DSA - Sorting Algorithms DSA - Bubble Sort DSA - Insertion Sort DSA - Selection Sort DSA - Merge Sort DSA - Shell Sort DSA - Quick Sort Graph Data Structure DSA - Graph Data Structure DSA - Depth First Traversal DSA - Breadth First Traversal Tree Data Structure DSA - Tree Data Structure DSA - Tree Traversal DSA - Binary Search Tree DSA - AVL Tree DSA - Spanning Tree DSA - Heap Recursion DSA - Recursion Basics DSA - Tower of Hanoi DSA - Fibonacci Series DSA Useful Resources DSA - Questions and Answers DSA - Quick Guide DSA - Useful Resources DSA - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Data Structures Algorithms Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Data Structures Algorithms. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - For a binary search algorithm to work, it is necessary that the array (list) must be A - sorted B - unsorted C - in a heap D - popped out of stack Answer : A Explanation As binary search divides the list and selects a the sub-list to extend search based on comparison of values, it becomes necessary that the array (list) must be in sorted form. Show Answer Q 2 - What data structure is used for depth first traversal of a graph? A - queue B - stack C - list D - none of the above Answer : B Explanation Stack is used for depth first traversal whereas queue is used for breadth first traversal Show Answer Q 3 - Quick sort algorithm is an example of A - Greedy approach B - Improved binary search C - Dynamic Programming D - Divide and conquer Answer : D Explanation Quick sort divides the list using pivot and then sorts in recursive manner. It uses divide and conquer approach. Show Answer Q 4 - Visiting root node after visiting left and right sub-trees is called A - In-order Traversal B - Pre-order Traversal C - Post-order Traveral Answer : C Explanation In Post-order traversal method, the root node is visited last, hence the name. Show Answer Q 5 - Time complexity of Depth First Traversal of is A - ?(|V|+|E|) B - ?(|V|) C - ?(|E|) D - ?(|V|*|E|) Answer : A Explanation Using Depth First Search, we traverse the whole graph i.e. visiting all Vertices and Edges. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the below mentioned sorting algorithms are not stable? A - Selection Sort B - Bubble Sort C - Merge Sort D - Insertion Sort Answer : A Explanation Except selection sort, all other soring algorithms are stable. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of these alogrithmic approach tries to achieve localized optimum solution ? A - Greedy approach B - Divide and conquer approach C - Dynamic approach D - All of the above Answer : A Explanation Greedy approach focuses only on localized optimum solution. Show Answer Q 8 - Program with highest run-time complexity is A - Tower of Hanoi B - Fibonacci Series C - Prime Number Series D - None of the above Answer : A Explanation Tower of hanoi has the highest run time complexity Show Answer Q 9 - Binary search tree is an example of complete binary tree with special attributes. A - BST does not care about complete binary tree properties. B - BST takes care of complete binary tree properties. C - It depends upon the input. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation BST does not care about complete binary tree properties. Show Answer Q 10 - A stable sorting alrithm ? A - does not crash. B - does not run out of memory. C - does not change the sequence of appearance of elements. D - does not exists. Answer : C Explanation A stable sorting algorithm like bubble sort, does not change the sequence of appearance of similar element in the sorted list. Show Answer data_structures_algorithms_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
