https://www.tutorialspoint.com/design_pattern/design_pattern_online_quiz.htm
Design Patterns Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Design Patterns Tutorial Design Patterns - Home Design Patterns - Overview Design Patterns - Factory Pattern Abstract Factory Pattern Design Patterns - Singleton Pattern Design Patterns - Builder Pattern Design Patterns - Prototype Pattern Design Patterns - Adapter Pattern Design Patterns - Bridge Pattern Design Patterns - Filter Pattern Design Patterns - Composite Pattern Design Patterns - Decorator Pattern Design Patterns - Facade Pattern Design Patterns - Flyweight Pattern Design Patterns - Proxy Pattern Chain of Responsibility Pattern Design Patterns - Command Pattern Design Patterns - Interpreter Pattern Design Patterns - Iterator Pattern Design Patterns - Mediator Pattern Design Patterns - Memento Pattern Design Patterns - Observer Pattern Design Patterns - State Pattern Design Patterns - Null Object Pattern Design Patterns - Strategy Pattern Design Patterns - Template Pattern Design Patterns - Visitor Pattern Design Patterns - MVC Pattern Business Delegate Pattern Composite Entity Pattern Data Access Object Pattern Front Controller Pattern Intercepting Filter Pattern Service Locator Pattern Transfer Object Pattern Design Patterns Resources Design Patterns - Questions/Answers Design Patterns - Quick Guide Design Patterns - Useful Resources Design Patterns - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Design Patterns Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Design Patterns Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Can we create a clone of a singleton object? A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation true. It is possible to get a clone of singleton object. Throw exception within the body of clone() method to prevent cloning. Show Answer Q 2 - Runtime class is an example of singleton. A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation true. Each java application uses Runtime as a single object. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following describes the Facade pattern correctly? A - This pattern allows a user to add new functionality to an existing object without altering its structure. B - This pattern is used where we need to treat a group of objects in similar way as a single object. C - This pattern hides the complexities of the system and provides an interface to the client using which the client can access the system. D - This pattern is primarily used to reduce the number of objects created and to decrease memory footprint and increase performance. Answer : C Explanation Facade pattern hides the complexities of the system and provides an interface to the client using which the client can access the system. Show Answer Q 4 - In which of the following pattern a class represents functionality of another class? A - Proxy Pattern B - Chain of Responsibility Pattern C - Command Pattern D - Interpreter Pattern Answer : A Explanation In proxy pattern, a class represents functionality of another class. In proxy pattern, we create object having original object to interface its functionality to outer world. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following describes the State pattern correctly? A - In this pattern, a class behavior changes based on its state. B - In this pattern, a null object replaces check of NULL object instance. C - In this pattern, a class behavior or its algorithm can be changed at run time. D - In this pattern, an abstract class exposes defined way(s)/template(s) to execute its methods. Answer : A Explanation In State pattern, a class behavior changes based on its state. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following describes the Strategy pattern correctly? A - In this pattern, a class behavior changes based on its state. B - In this pattern, a null object replaces check of NULL object instance. C - In this pattern, a class behavior or its algorithm can be changed at run time. D - In this pattern, an abstract class exposes defined way(s)/template(s) to execute its methods. Answer : C Explanation In Strategy pattern, a class behavior or its algorithm can be changed at run time. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following pattern is used to separate low level data accessing API or operations from high level business services? A - DAO Pattern B - Front Controller Pattern C - Intercepting Pattern D - Service Locator Pattern Answer : A Explanation DAO Pattern is used to separate low level data accessing API or operations from high level business services. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following pattern is used to provide a centralized request handling mechanism so that all requests will be handled by a single handler? A - DAO Pattern B - Front Controller Pattern C - Intercepting Pattern D - Service Locator Pattern Answer : B Explanation Front Controller Pattern is used to provide a centralized request handling mechanism so that all requests will be handled by a single handler. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following describes the Creational pattern correctly? A - This type of patterns provide a way to create objects while hiding the creation logic, rather than instantiating objects directly using new opreator B - This type of patterns concern class and object composition. Concept of inheritance is used to compose interfaces and define ways to compose objects to obtain new functionalities. C - This type of pattern are specifically concerned with communication between objects. D - This type of pattern are specifically concerned with the presentation tier. Answer : A Explanation Creational Design Patterns provide a way to create objects while hiding the creation logic, rather than instantiating objects directly using new opreator. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is the correct list of entities of Composite Entity pattern? A - Composite Entity, Coarse-Grained Object, Strategies B - Composite Entity, Dependent Object, Strategies C - Composite Entity, Coarse-Grained Object, Dependent Object, Strategies D - Composite Entity, Coarse-Grained Object, Dependent Object Answer : C Explanation Composite Entity, Coarse-Grained Object, Dependent Object, Strategies are the entities of Composite Entity Pattern. Show Answer design_pattern_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
