https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ejb/ejb_online_quiz.htm
EJB Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses EJB Tutorial EJB - Home EJB - Overview EJB - Environment Setup EJB - Create Application EJB - Stateless Bean EJB - Stateful Bean EJB - Persistence EJB - Message Driven Beans EJB - Annotations EJB - Callbacks EJB - Timer Service EJB - Dependency Injection EJB - Interceptors EJB - Embeddable Objects EJB - Blobs/Clobs EJB - Transactions EJB - Security EJB - JNDI Bindings EJB - Entity Relationships EJB - Access Database EJB - Query Language EJB - Exception Handling EJB - Web Services EJB - Packaging Applications EJB Useful Resources EJB - Quick Guide EJB - Useful Resources EJB - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who EJB Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to EJB Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is true about session bean? A - This type of bean stores data of a particular user for a single session. B - This is a type of enterprise bean which is invoked by EJB container when it receives a message from queue or topic. C - This type of bean represents persistent data storage. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Session bean stores data of a particular user for a single session. It can be stateful or stateless. It is less resource intensive as compared to entity beans. Session bean gets destroyed as soon as user session terminates. Show Answer Q 2 - When a remote session bean is used in EJB? A - If ejb client is in same environment where ejb session bean is to be deployed then we use remote session bean. B - If ejb client is in different environment where ejb session bean is to be deployed then we use remote session bean. C - By default we use remote session bean. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination A remote session bean is used in EJB if ejb client is in different environment where ejb session bean is to be deployed. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following is correct about activationConfig attribute in @javax.ejb.MessageDrivenBean annotation? A - It is used to specify name of the message driven bean. B - it is used to specify message listener interface for the message driven bean. C - It is used to specify the configuration details of the message-driven bean in operational environment of the message driven bean. D - It is used to specify the JNDI name of the message driven bean. Answer : C Explaination activationConfig attribute in @javax.ejb.MessageDrivenBean annotation is used to specify the configuration details of the message-driven bean in operational environment of the message driven bean. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is correct about name attribute in @javax.ejb.EJB annotation? A - It is used to specify name which will be used to locate the referenced bean in environment. B - it is used to specify the interface type of the referenced bean. C - It is used to provide name of the referenced bean. D - It is used to specify the JNDI name of the referenced bean. Answer : A Explaination name attribute in @javax.ejb.EJB annotation is used to specify name which will be used to locate the referenced bean in environment. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following annotation is used to specify properties required for a message driven bean? A - @javax.ejb.ActivationConfigProperty B - @javax.ejb.Local C - @javax.ejb.Remote D - @javax.ejb.EJB Answer : A Explaination @javax.ejb.ActivationConfigProperty annotation is used to specify properties required for a message driven bean. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following is true about callbacks in EJB? A - Callback is a mechanism by which life cycle of an enterprise bean can be intercepted. B - EJB Container calls callbacks. C - We can define callback methods in the ejb class itself or in a separate class. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination Callback is a mechanism by which life cycle of an enterprise bean can be intercepted. EJB 3.0 specification has specified callbacks for which callback handler methods are to be created. EJB Container calls these callbacks. We can define callback methods in the ejb class itself or in a separate class. EJB 3.0 has provided many annotations for callbacks. Show Answer Q 7 - Which annotation is used to inject an datasource into an ejb? A - @EJB B - @Resource C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination @Resource annotation is used to inject an datasource into an ejb. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following is correct about @Embeddable annotation for a entity bean? A - A java POJO to be embedded must be annotated as @Embeddable. B - An entity bean to be embedded must be annotated as @Embeddable. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination A java POJO to be embedded must be annotated as @Embeddable. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is correct about a Failed attrribute of Bean Managed Transactions in EJB? A - When to start a transaction in a business method. B - Identify success scenario when a transaction is to be committed. C - Identify failure scenario when a transaction is to be rollback. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination Failed - Identify failure scenario when a transaction is to be rollback. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is true about EJBQL EJB? A - EJBQL stand for EJB Query Language. B - ejb query language is quite handy to write custom queries without worrying about underlying database details. C - It is quite similar to HQL, hibernate query language. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination EJB 3.0, ejb query language is quite handy to write custom queries without worrying about underlying database details. It is quite similar to HQL, hibernate query language and is often referred by name EJBQL. Show Answer ejb_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
