https://www.tutorialspoint.com/embedded-systems-with-mbed-c-on-stm32-arm-cortex-m4/index.asp
Embedded Systems with Mbedâ„¢ C on STM32 (ArmÂ® Cortex M4) - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Embedded Systems with Mbedâ„¢ C on STM32 (ArmÂ® Cortex M4) ArmÂ® Cortex M4, Sensors, Actuators, LEDs, Switches, GPIOs, PWM, ADC, LCD, Mbedâ„¢ C, STM32401RE Nucleo Board, Embedded   Rahul Shrivastava    Hardware, ARM Cortex-M    Published on 11/2021 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Expectations from Course 1 Lectures Expectations from Course 10:41 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Hello Embedded Systems!! 3 Lectures Getting Started to STM32 and Mbed 5 Lectures Play with GPIOs (General Purpose Input Outputs) !! 5 Lectures Interrupts 2 Lectures Pulse Width Modulation 5 Lectures Project - 1: Controlling the Speed and Direction of DC Motor 5 Lectures Serial Communication with PC / Hyper Terminal 2 Lectures Analog to Digital Converter 7 Lectures Liquid Crystal Display (LCD) 5 Lectures Project - 2: Temperature Monitoring System with LM35, LCD and STM32 1 Lectures Description Learn Embedded C with Arm® Cortex M4 Microcontrollers!! 5 Hours of Video Content. 15 Hands-on Practicals All Codes are available in the resources Lecture Material (PDF / PPTs) are available in the resources Description This course Demystifies the development of Embedded Systems. You will learn Mbed™ C programming to use inbuilt peripherals on the microcontroller to interface sensors, actuators, and Liquid Crystal Displays (LCD). You will learn to generate Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) Waveforms with variable duty cycle and frequency. Learn to use analog to digital converter (ADC) to gather data from analog sensors and display it to LCDs. All the codes (C Programs) are available in resources along with the lecture material. Major Topics Covered GPIOs: Learn to manipulate (Set/Reset) a particular bit of STM32 Microcontroller and also use it as an input pin. Pull-up Register: Learn the importance of pull-up resistors, enabling and disabling them, also learn to use them in interfacing digital sensors. Interrupts: Learn, how interrupts are handled in CPU? Also learn to write ISR and call them in an event of an interruption. Pulse Width Modulation: Learn to generate PWM waves with variable duty cycles and variable frequencies. Project 1: Learn to interface DC Motor using L293D Motor drive IC and control the speed and direction. Liquid Crystal Display:  Learn to interface LCDs with MCU using GPIOs. Analog to Digital Converter: Learn to interface analog sensors such as a potentiometer and LM35 Temperature sensor. Temperature Monitoring System: Learn to interface LM35 temperature sensor IC to read ambient temperature and display the same on LCD. Who this course is for: Beginners curious to develop Embedded Systems around Microcontroller Beginners curious to write and test Embedded (Mbed™) C Programs for Hardware What Will I Get ? Learn Mbed™ C with STM32F401RE Nucleo Board Develop Embedded Systems with "ARM Cortex M4" powered "STM32" Microcontroller Interface Sensors and Actuators with GPIOs Demystify Interrupts Generate Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) Analog to Digital Conversion (ADC) Liquid Crystal Display (LCDs) Requirements Able to use PC STM32 Development Board, Preferably STM32F401RE Nucleo Board 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 5 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 41 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
