https://developers.facebook.com/?ref=pf
Facebook for Developers Register for our XR Hackathon on Nov 9 - Nov 22 Join global innovators and build with Spark AR and Presence Platform for the chance to win cash prizes Register now Login Connect with Messenger now available Learn how to drive deeper customer care and more tailored engagement for your audiences now. Get started Introducing Facebook Graph API v12.0 and Marketing API v12.0 Today, we are releasing Facebook Graph API v12.0 and Marketing API v12.0 Learn More Data Protection Assessment Introducing our latest initiative to safeguard how people’s data is being managed and protected on our platforms Learn More WhatsApp Business API Chat with people on their preferred channel through a customized experience that’s quick to implement. Learn About a Better Way to Connect with Customers Show Slide 1Show Slide 2Show Slide 3Show Slide 4Show Slide 5 Deadline For Mandatory Platform Compliance Requirements Learn more BUILD WITH META Connect with customers and improve efficiency with our featured platforms. Messenger Platform Generate leads, drive sales, or provide customer service through a personal and convenient user experience. Learn More Facebook Login A convenient way for Facebook’s billions of global users to log into your app or website. Learn More Instagram Platform Create tools for businesses, creators, and people to enhance the Instagram experience. Learn More WhatsApp Business API Chat with people on their preferred channel through a customized experience that’s quick to implement. Learn More DEVELOPER TOOLS Take a closer look at the products we offer. Business Tools Build and scale your business across multiple interactive touch points. Learn more Open Source Empowering community through open source technology. Learn more Gaming Access a suite of innovative gaming platforms and services Learn more Social Integrations Explore tools and resources to help you grow your audiences on Facebook, Instagram, and beyond. Learn more Artificial Intelligence Advancing the field of machine learning to empower AI developers. Learn more AR/VR Bring your imagination to life through cutting-edge, immersive experiences. Learn more See all products DISCOVER DEVELOPER AND STARTUP PROGRAMS Learn about the programs educating and connecting innovators. Developer Circles Join a developer community, attend virtual meetups and collaborate online. Learn more Startup Programs Build better products, scale faster and sustain growth for startups. Learn more Success Stories How developers and businesses around the world are innovating with Meta products, tools, and programs. Read the latest stories Peloton Ford Motor Argentina Audi Samsung Ikea Pinterest LATEST NEWS ELI5: Open Source November 15, 2021 Meta’s Creative App Platform Allows People to Discover Best-In-Class Creative Apps Directly in Facebook Stories November 11, 2021 Meta Joins GitHub Secret Scanning Program as Partner November 9, 2021 See more news Get our newsletter Sign up for monthly updates from Meta for Developers. Sign up (in English) Join our group Like us on Facebook and join a community of fellow developers. Visit group
