https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime-pack/game-development-prime-pack/index.asp
Game Development Prime Pack - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Game Development Prime Pack 6 Handpicked courses and one E-book to enhance your Game Development kills   Tutorialspoint    Development, Game Development, Game Development Fundamentals, Mobile Apps, Mobile Game Development Prime Pack Content Overview Create Your First 3D Game with Unity Video 23  Lectures  |   2 hr 38 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Unity 3D Game Development - From Beginners to Masters Video 58  Lectures  |   10 hr 19 min  |   6  Preview Lectures Unity Projects : 20+ Mini Projects in Unity & C# Video 49  Lectures  |   10 hr 9 min  |   3  Preview Lectures The Beginners Guide to 3D Web Game Development with ThreeJS Video 55  Lectures  |   7 hr 15 min  |   4  Preview Lectures Create Virtual Reality Apps using React VR & React 360 Video 61  Lectures  |   6 hr 52 min  |   11  Preview Lectures Unreal Engine 4 - VFX for Games - Beginner to Intermediate Video 61  Lectures  |   6 hr 59 min  |   6  Preview Lectures Storage Optimization with Unity All-Flash Array Ebook 187 Pages Storage Optimization with Unity All-Flash Array Preview Description Step into Game Development by Building a Simple Platformer Game Using the Popular Unity Engine, 3D Game Development from Beginner to Advanced Level, 3D Web Game Development with ThreeJS, Creating Virtual Reality Apps Using VR & React 360, Unreal Engine 4 - VFX For Games. OverView 6 Modules 307+ Lectures 42+ Hrs HD Videos 20+ Mini Projects Course Designed By Industry Experts Up-to-Date Curriculum 1 eBook Full Lifetime Access 30 Days Refund Policy Certificate on Completion Welcome to Premium Pack: This Game development course pack has everything you need and will explain fundamental concepts, game physics using unity for development to create live games, VFX, virtual reality app from scratch, 3D visuals web game development with Threejs, and much more. Scope of Game Development: The gaming industry is rapidly growing at a pace of 50% per annum. Game development careers are top-notch in terms of thrill as well as financial. On average game developers, earns can earn as much as $90,000 a year! Jobs in the gaming industry (video game designer, video game artist, writer, audio programmer, game programmer, game tester, game producer) The game development industry is known to pay well and is one of the many illustrious professions in the world.  What You Will Get? Master Unity & UI system for menus, score tracking, and more. Implement enemies and collision detection Create a player and player movement, including directional facing and jumping Learn the Fundamentals of Unity And Master the Unity Game Engine Create your own Unity 2D and Unity 3D games from Scratch using C# and Unity Learn Unity 2020 by Building Mini Example Projects Learn to code in the most popular program language in the world, JavaScript, in a fun way Learn how to use the in-demand WebGL Open Source library ThreeJS Learn a reality technology that holds enormous potential to change the future. Create effects for games in Unreal Engine 4 with Niagara. Fundamental concepts about Visual Effects. Creating Textures, Meshes, and Shaders for Game VFX. Requirements: Basic understanding of Unity and C# No prior programming or Unity experience is required. Just a PC or Mac with a good Internet connection is required. Rest, we will learn together everything from Scratch. Very basic knowledge of web development will be an add-on. This Prime Pack Includes : 44 hours 6 Video Courses 1 eBooks Lifetime Access Price - You Save Add to Cart Buy Now About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
