https://www.tutorialspoint.com/getting_started_with_docker/index.asp
Getting Started With Docker - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Getting Started With Docker Simply Easy Learning   Tutorialspoint    Development, Development Tools, Docker    Published on 01/2021 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Introduction 2 Lectures Getting Started With Docker 03:01 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Introduction 05:14 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Docker - Life Cycle 1 Lectures Environment Setup 2 Lectures Docker - DockerHub 1 Lectures Docker - Image Commands 9 Lectures Docker - Container Commands 14 Lectures Docker - Running Bash Shell 1 Lectures Docker - Containers Vs Virtual Machines 1 Lectures Docker - Dockerfile 2 Lectures Docker - Instructions 6 Lectures Docker - Create a Nginx Web Server 1 Lectures Description This Video tutorial explains the various aspects of the Docker Container service. Starting with the basics of Docker which focuses on the installation and configuration of Docker, it gradually moves on to advanced topics such as Networking and Registries. The last few chapters of this tutorial cover the development aspects of Docker and how you can get up and running on the development environments using Docker Containers. Audience This video tutorial is meant for those who are interested in learning Docker as a container service. This product has spread like wildfire across the industry and is really making an impact on the development of new generation applications. So anyone who is interested in learning all the aspects of Docker should go through this tutorial. What Will I Get ? To become familiar with the basics of Docker To get up and running with Docker instances on your favourite Ubuntu machine To have hands-on experience working with Docker Images and Containers Requirements A Computer Connected with internet Basic Computer Knowledge Knowledge of basic Linux Commands to create Directories Working with Linux Terminals and Files handling 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 2 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 40 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
