https://www.tutorialspoint.com/go/go_online_quiz.htm
Go Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Go Tutorial Go - Home Go - Overview Go - Environment Setup Go - Program Structure Go - Basic Syntax Go - Data Types Go - Variables Go - Constants Go - Operators Go - Decision Making Go - Loops Go - Functions Go - Scope Rules Go - Strings Go - Arrays Go - Pointers Go - Structures Go - Slice Go - Range Go - Maps Go - Recursion Go - Type Casting Go - Interfaces Go - Error Handling Go Useful Resources Go - Questions and Answers Go - Quick Guide Go - Useful Resources Go - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Go Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Go. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Does Go support generic programming? A - yes B - no Answer : B Explanation No support for generic programming. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is not a integer type in Go? A - uint8 B - uint64 C - complex128 D - All of the above. Answer : C Explanation complex128 is not a integer type. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following operator increases integer value by one in Go? A - ++ B - % C - -- D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation ++ ? Increments operator increases integer value by one. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about break statement in Go? A - If you are using nested loops (i.e., one loop inside another loop), the break statement will stop the execution of the innermost loop and start executing the next line of code after the block. B - If you are using nested loops (i.e., one loop inside another loop), the break statement will stop the execution of the outermost loop and start executing the next line of code after the block. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation If you are using nested loops (i.e., one loop inside another loop), the break statement will stop the execution of the innermost loop and start executing the next line of code after the block. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following is the default value of a global variable in Go? A - Undefined B - 0 or nil C - Not fixed D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation Default value of a global variable is 0 type value or nil. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following is correct about slices in Go? A - Go Slice uses array as an underlying structure. B - len() function returns the elements presents in the slice. C - cap() function returns the capacity of slice as how many elements it can be accomodate. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following is correct about type casting in Go? A - Type casting is a way to convert a variable from one data type to another data type. B - if you want to store a long value into a simple integer then you can type cast long to int. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Both of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 8 - In which of the following method of parameter passing, changes made to the parameter inside the function have effect on the argument? A - call by value. B - call by reference C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation Call by reference ? changes made to the parameter inside the function have effect on the argument. Show Answer Q 9 - A static type variable declaration requires compiler to interpret the type of variable based on value passed to it. A - true B - false Answer : B Explanation A dynamic type variable declaration requires compiler to interpret the type of variable based on value passed to it. Show Answer Q 10 - In Go language, Slice types are inbuilt types. A - false B - true Answer : A Explanation No! Slice types are derived types. Show Answer go_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
