https://www.tutorialspoint.com/gwt/gwt_online_quiz.htm
GWT Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses GWT Tutorial GWT - Home GWT - Overview GWT - Environment Setup GWT - Applications GWT - Create Application GWT - Deploy Application GWT - Style with CSS GWT - Basic Widgets GWT - Form Widgets GWT - Complex widgets GWT - Layout Panels GWT - Event Handling GWT - Custom Widgets GWT - UIBinder GWT - RPC Communication GWT - JUnit Integration GWT - Debugging Application GWT - Internationalization GWT - History Class GWT - Bookmark Support GWT - Logging Framework GWT Useful Resources GWT - Questions and Answers GWT - Quick Guide GWT - Useful Resources GWT - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who GWT Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to GWT. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is true about GWT? A - GWT is extensible and custom widget can be created to cater to application needs. B - GWT applications can run on all major browsers and smart phones including Android and iOS based phones/tablets. C - Both of the above D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination Both of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - What is the purpose of 'module' tag in *.gwt.xml file in GWT? A - This provides name of the application. B - This adds other gwt module in application just like import does in java applications. Any number of modules can be inherited in this manner. C - This specifies the name of class which will start loading the GWT Application. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination 'module' tag in *.gwt.xml file provides name of the application. Show Answer Q 3 - Do GWT compiler creates default Id attribute for its Widget by default? A - true B - false Answer : B Explaination No! By default, neither the browser nor GWT creates default id attributes for widgets. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is correct about Widget class of GWT? A - The class Widget is the base class for the majority of user-interface objects. B - Widget adds support for receiving events from the browser and being added directly to panels. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination Both of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following gwt widget represents a normal push button with custom styling? A - Button B - PushButton C - ToggleButton D - RadioButton Answer : B Explaination PushButton widget represents a normal push button with custom styling. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following gwt widget represents a hidden field? A - TextArea B - GWTHidden C - Hidden D - TextBox Answer : C Explaination Hidden widget represents a hidden field. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following panel arranges two widgets in a single horizontal row and allows the user to interactively change the proportion of the width dedicated to each of the two widgets? A - HorizontalSplitPanel B - VerticalSplitPanel C - HorizontalPanel D - VerticalPanel Answer : A Explaination HorizontalSplitPanel widget represents a panel that arranges two widgets in a single horizontal row and allows the user to interactively change the proportion of the width dedicated to each of the two widgets. Widgets contained within a HorizontalSplitPanel will be automatically decorated with scrollbars when necessary. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following widget represents a type of widget that can wrap another widget, hiding the wrapped widget's methods? A - Composite B - SimplePanel C - ScrollPanel D - FocusPanel Answer : A Explaination Composite widget represents a type of widget that can wrap another widget, hiding the wrapped widget's methods. When added to a panel, a composite behaves exactly as if the widget it wraps had been added. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is correct about GWT event handling mechanism? A - GWT provides a event handler model similar to Java AWT or SWING User Interface frameworks. B - GWT provides a list of interfaces corresponding to various possible events. C - A class wishing to receive events of a particular type implements the associated handler interface and then passes a reference to itself to the widget to subscribe to a set of events. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 10 - GWT client and server both serialize and deserialize data automatically so developers are not required to serialize/deserialize objects and data objects can travel over HTTP. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination GWT client and server both serialize and deserialize data automatically so developers are not required to serialize/deserialize objects and data objects can travel over HTTP. Show Answer gwt_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
