https://www.tutorialspoint.com/hibernate/hibernate_online_quiz.htm
Hibernate Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Hibernate Tutorial Hibernate - Home ORM - Overview Hibernate - Overview Hibernate - Architecture Hibernate - Environment Hibernate - Configuration Hibernate - Sessions Hibernate - Persistent Class Hibernate - Mapping Files Hibernate - Mapping Types Hibernate - Examples Hibernate - O/R Mappings Hibernate - Annotations Hibernate - Query Language Hibernate - Criteria Queries Hibernate - Native SQL Hibernate - Caching Hibernate - Batch Processing Hibernate - Interceptors Hibernate Useful Resources Hibernate - Questions and Answers Hibernate - Quick Guide Hibernate - Useful Resources Hibernate - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Hibernate Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Hibernate Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What ORM stands for? A - Object Relation Map B - Object Relational Mapping C - Object Record Mapping D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) is a programming technique for converting data between relational databases. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is true about Query object in hibernate? A - Query objects Hibernate Query Language (HQL) string to retrieve data from the database and create objects. B - Query objects SQL string to retrieve data from the database and create objects. C - A Query instance is used to bind query parameters, limit the number of results returned by the query, and finally to execute the query. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination Query objects use SQL or Hibernate Query Language (HQL) string to retrieve data from the database and create objects. A Query instance is used to bind query parameters, limit the number of results returned by the query, and finally to execute the query. Show Answer Q 3 - Session.createSQLQuery creates a new instance of Query for the given SQL query string. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination Session.createSQLQuery creates a new instance of Query for the given SQL query string. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is the root node of hbm.xml file? A - hibernate-mapping B - hibernate-config C - class-mapping D - class-config Answer : A Explaination The mapping document is an XML document having <b><hibernate-mapping></b> as the root element which contains all the <class> elements. Show Answer Q 5 - Which element of hbm.xml is used to map a Java class property to a column in the database table? A - id B - generator C - property D - class Answer : C Explaination The <property> element is used to map a Java class property to a column in the database table. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following element is used to represent one-to-one relationship in hibernate? A - <many-to-one> B - <many-one> C - <ManyToOne> D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination <many-to-one> element is used to define one-to-one association. Show Answer Q 7 - Is first level caching mandatory in hibernate? A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination The first-level cache is the Session cache and is a mandatory cache through which all requests must pass. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following is true about hibernate? A - Hibernate does not require an application server to operate. B - Hibernate manipulates Complex associations of objects of your database. C - Hibernate minimize database access with smart fetching strategies. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above are true with respect to hibernate. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is true about hibernate annotations? A - Hibernate Annotations is the powerful way to provide the metadata for the Object and Relational Table mapping. B - All the metadata is clubbed into the POJO java file along with the code this helps the user to understand the table structure and POJO simultaneously during the development. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Hibernate Annotations is the powerful way to provide the metadata for the Object and Relational Table mapping. All the metadata is clubbed into the POJO java file along with the code this helps the user to understand the table structure and POJO simultaneously during the development. Show Answer Q 10 - nullable attribute of @Column annotation permits the column to be marked NOT NULL when the schema is generated. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination nullable attribute of @Column annotation permits the column to be marked NOT NULL when the schema is generated. Show Answer hibernate_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
