https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_online_quiz.htm
Java Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Java Tutorial Java - Home Java - Overview Java - Environment Setup Java - Basic Syntax Java - Object & Classes Java - Constructors Java - Basic Datatypes Java - Variable Types Java - Modifier Types Java - Basic Operators Java - Loop Control Java - Decision Making Java - Numbers Java - Characters Java - Strings Java - Arrays Java - Date & Time Java - Regular Expressions Java - Methods Java - Files and I/O Java - Exceptions Java - Inner classes Java Object Oriented Java - Inheritance Java - Overriding Java - Polymorphism Java - Abstraction Java - Encapsulation Java - Interfaces Java - Packages Java Advanced Java - Data Structures Java - Collections Java - Generics Java - Serialization Java - Networking Java - Sending Email Java - Multithreading Java - Applet Basics Java - Documentation Java Useful Resources Java - Questions and Answers Java - Quick Guide Java - Useful Resources Java - Discussion Java - Examples Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Java Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Core Java. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Objects are stored on Stack. A - True B - False Answer : B Explaination Objects are allocated memory in heap memory space. Show Answer Q 2 - What is the size of double variable? A - 8 bit B - 16 bit C - 32 bit D - 64 bit Answer : D Explaination The double data type is represented by double-precision 64-bit IEEE 754 floating point. Show Answer Q 3 - What is the default value of short variable? A - 0.0 B - 0 B - null B - undefined Answer : B Explaination Short variable has default value of 0 if defined as an instance/static variable. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about super class? A - Variables, methods and constructors which are declared private can be accessed only by the members of the super class. B - Variables, methods and constructors which are declared protected can be accessed by any subclass of the super class. C - Variables, methods and constructors which are declared public in the superclass can be accessed by any class. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above are correct. Show Answer Q 5 - What is instance variable? A - Instance variables are static variables within a class but outside any method. B - Instance variables are variables defined inside methods, constructors or blocks. C - Instance variables are variables within a class but outside any method. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination Instance variables are variables within a class but outside any method. These variables are instantiated when the class is loaded. Show Answer Q 6 - What kind of variables a class can consist of? A - class variables, instance variables B - class variables, local variables, instance variables C - class variables D - class variables, local variables Answer : B Explaination A class consist of Local variable, instance variables and class variables. Show Answer Q 7 - When static binding occurs? A - Static binding occurs during Compile time. B - Static binding occurs during load time. C - Static binding occurs during runtime. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Static binding occurs during Compile time. Show Answer Q 8 - What is Serialization? A - Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to another object. B - Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to a byte stream. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination Serialization is the process of writing the state of an object to a byte stream. Show Answer Q 9 - What is runtime polymorphism? A - Runtime polymorphism is a process in which a call to an overridden method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time. B - Runtime polymorphism is a process in which a call to an overloaded method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination Runtime polymorphism or dynamic method dispatch is a process in which a call to an overridden method is resolved at runtime rather than at compile-time. In this process, an overridden method is called through the reference variable of a superclass. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is a thread safe? A - StringBuilder B - StringBuffer C - Both of the above D - none of the above Answer : B Explaination StringBuffer is thread safe. Show Answer java_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
