https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jquery/jquery_online_quiz.htm
jQuery - Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses jQuery Tutorial jQuery - Home jQuery - Overview jQuery - Basics jQuery - Selectors jQuery - Attributes jQuery - Traversing jQuery - CSS jQuery - DOM jQuery - Events jQuery - AJAX jQuery - Effects jQuery UI jQuery - Interactions jQuery - Widgets jQuery - Theming jQuery References jQuery - Utilities jQuery Plugins jQuery - Plugins jQuery - PagePiling.js jQuery - Flickerplate.js jQuery - Multiscroll.js jQuery - Slidebar.js jQuery - Rowgrid.js jQuery - Alertify.js jQuery - Progressbar.js jQuery - Slideshow.js jQuery - Drawsvg.js jQuery - Tagsort.js jQuery - LogosDistort.js jQuery - Filer.js jQuery - Whatsnearby.js jQuery - Checkout.js jQuery - Blockrain.js jQuery - Producttour.js jQuery - Megadropdown.js jQuery - Weather.js jQuery Useful Resources jQuery - Questions and Answers jQuery - Quick Guide jQuery - Useful Resources jQuery - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who jQuery - Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to jQuery Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is correct about jQuery? A - jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library created by John Resig in 2006 with a nice motto - Write less, do more. B - jQuery simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development. C - jQuery is a JavaScript toolkit designed to simplify various tasks by writing less code. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - Which built-in method combines the text of two strings and returns a new string? A - append() B - concat() C - attach() D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination concat() method returns the character at the specified index. Show Answer Q 3 - Which built-in method returns the calling string value converted to upper case? A - toUpperCase() B - toUpper() C - changeCase(case) D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination toUpperCase() method returns the calling string value converted to upper case. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following jQuery method apply a style on an element? A - addStyle(classes) B - addClass( classes ) C - addCSSClass(classes) D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination The addClass( classes ) method can be used to apply defined style sheets onto all the matched elements. You can specify multiple classes separated by space. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following jQuery method set the value of an element? A - setContent( val ) B - val( val ) C - setValue( val ) D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination The val(val) method sets the value attribute of every matched element if it is called on <input> but if it is called on <select> with the passed <option> value then passed option would be selected, if it is called on check box or radio box then all the matching check box and radiobox would be checked. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following jQuery method gets a set of elements containing the closest parent element that matches the specified selector, the starting element included? A - getNearest( selector ) B - getClosest( [selector]) C - closest(selector) D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The closest( selector ) method gets a set of elements containing the closest parent element that matches the specified selector, the starting element included. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following jQuery method gets the width property of an element? A - getCSSWidth( ) B - getWidth( ) C - width( ) D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The width( ) method gets the width of every matched element. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following jQuery method returns the outer width (including the border) of an element? A - getCSSWidth( ) B - getWidth( ) C - outerWidth( [margin] ) D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The outerWidth( [margin] ) method gets the outer width (includes the border and padding by default) for the first matched element. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following jQuery method binds a handler to one or more events (like click) for an element? A - bind( type, [data], fn ) B - load(type, [data], fn ) C - attach(type, [data], fn ) D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination The bind( type, [data], fn ) function binds a handler to one or more events (like click) for each matched element. Can also bind custom events. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following jQuery method loads a JSON data using an HTTP GET request? A - jQuery.get( url, [data], [callback], [type] ) B - jQuery.getJSON( url, [data], [callback] ) C - jQuery.getScript( url, [callback] ) D - jQuery.post( url, [data], [callback], [type] ) Answer : B Explaination The jQuery.getJSON( url, [data], [callback], [type] ) method loads JSON data using an HTTP GET request. Show Answer jquery_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
