https://www.tutorialspoint.com/jsp/jsp_online_quiz.htm
JSP Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Basic JSP Tutorial JSP - Home JSP - Overview JSP - Environment Setup JSP - Architecture JSP - Lifecycle JSP - Syntax JSP - Directives JSP - Actions JSP - Implicit Objects JSP - Client Request JSP - Server Response JSP - Http Status Codes JSP - Form Processing JSP - Writing Filters JSP - Cookies Handling JSP - Session Tracking JSP - File Uploading JSP - Handling Date JSP - Page Redirect JSP - Hits Counter JSP - Auto Refresh JSP - Sending Email Advanced JSP Tutorials JSP - Standard Tag Library JSP - Database Access JSP - XML Data JSP - Java Beans JSP - Custom Tags JSP - Expression Language JSP - Exception Handling JSP - Debugging JSP - Security JSP - Internationalization JSP Useful Resources JSP - Questions and Answers JSP - Quick Guide JSP - Useful Resources JSP - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who JSP Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to JSP Fundamentals. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What is the correct signature of jspInit() method of HttpJspPage class? A - void jspInit(HTTPRequest request, HTTPResponse response) B - void jspInit(HTTPRequest request, HTTPResponse response) throws ServletException, IOException C - void jspInit() D - void jspInit() throws ServletException, IOException Answer : C Explaination Correct Signature is void jspInit() Show Answer Q 2 - What is default value of isThreadSafe? A - True B - False Answer : A Explaination The isThreadSafe option marks a page as being thread-safe. By default, it is true and all JSPs are considered thread-safe. Show Answer Q 3 - What JSP stands for? A - Java Service Programming B - Java Server Programming C - Java Service Pages D - Java Server Pages Answer : D Explaination JSP stands for Java Server Pages. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about language attribute? A - The language attribute indicates the programming language used in scripting the servlet. B - The language attribute indicates the programming language used in scripting the html page. C - The language attribute indicates the programming language used in scripting the JSP page. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The language attribute indicates the programming language used in scripting the JSP page. Show Answer Q 5 - What is true about filters? A - JSP Filters are used to intercept requests from a client before they access a resource at back end. B - JSP Filters are used to manipulate responses from server before they are sent back to the client. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination JSP Filters are Java classes that can be used in JSP Programming for both of the above purposes. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following is true about buffer Attribute? A - The buffer attribute specifies the size of buffer. B - The buffer attribute specifies buffering characteristics for the server output response object. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The buffer attribute specifies buffering characteristics for the server output response object. Show Answer Q 7 - What will happen if isScriptingEnabled attribute is set as false? A - A translation-time error will be raised if the JSP uses any scriptlets, expressions (non-EL), or declarations. B - JSP container will ignore the any scriptlets, expressions (non-EL), or declarations similar to comments. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination A translation-time error will be raised if the JSP uses any scriptlets, expressions (non-EL), or declarations. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following is true about Execution phase in JSP life cycle? A - Whenever a browser requests a JSP and the page has been loaded and initialized, the JSP engine invokes the _jspService() method in the JSP. B - The _jspService() method of a JSP is invoked once per request and is responsible for generating the response for that request. C - The _jspService() method of a JSP generates responses to all seven of the HTTP methods ie. GET, POST, DELETE etc. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination Whenever a browser requests a JSP and the page has been loaded and initialized, the JSP engine invokes the _jspService() method in the JSP.The _jspService() method of a JSP is invoked once per a request and is responsible for generating the response for that request and this method is also responsible for generating responses to all seven of the HTTP methods ie. GET, POST, DELETE etc. Show Answer Q 9 - Is JSP technology extensible? A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination Yes. JSP technology is extensible through the development of custom actions, or tags, which are encapsulated in tag libraries. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is true about <c:forEach > tag? A - The <c:forEach > exists as a good alternative to embedding a Java for, while, or do-while loop via a scriptlet. B - The <c:forEach > is used to iterate over a list of items in jsp. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The <c:forEach > tag exists as a good alternative to embedding a Java for, while, or do-while loop via a scriptlet. Show Answer jsp_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
