https://www.tutorialspoint.com/learn_linux_administration_and_supercharge_your_career/index.asp
Learn Linux Administration and Supercharge Your Career - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Learn Linux Administration and Supercharge Your Career Use the in-demand Linux skills you learn in this course to get promoted or start a new career as a Linux System Admin.   Jason Cannon    IT & Software, Operating Systems, Linux Administration    Published on 08/2020 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Course Overview 1 Lectures Course Overview 01:09 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf The Linux Boot Process and System Logging 3 Lectures Disk Management 3 Lectures The Logical Volume Manager (LVM) 8 Lectures User Management 3 Lectures Networking 5 Lectures Managing Processes and Jobs 2 Lectures Linux Permissions 4 Lectures Managing Software 1 Lectures Viewing and Editing Files 6 Lectures Shell Scripting 2 Lectures Summary 1 Lectures Bonus - Command Line Kung Fu 6 Lectures Slides 1 Lectures Description JOIN THE OTHER 50,000 SUCCESSFUL STUDENTS WHO HAVE ALREADY MASTERED THE LINUX OPERATING SYSTEM WITH ONE OF MY TOP RATED COURSES! If you want to learn Linux system administration and supercharge your career, read on. Hello. My name is Jason Cannon and I'm the author of Linux for Beginners, the founder of the Linux Training Academy, and an instructor to thousands of satisfied students. I started my IT career in the late 1990's as a Unix and Linux System Engineer and I'll be sharing my real-world Linux experience with you throughout this course. By the end of this course you will fully understand the most important and fundamental concepts of Linux server administration. More importantly, you will be able to put those concepts to use in practical real-world situations. You'll be able to configure, maintain, and support a variety of Linux systems. You can even use the skills you learned to become a Linux System Engineer or Linux System Administrator. Here is what you will learn by taking this Linux Administration course: How the the boot process works on Linux servers and what you can do to control it. The various types of messages generated by a Linux system, where they're stored, and how to automatically prevent them from filling up your disks. Disk management, partitioning, and file system creation. Logical Volume Manager (LVM) - extending disk space without downtime, migrating data from one storage to another, and more. Managing Linux users and groups. Exactly how permissions work and how to decipher the most cryptic Linux permissions with ease. Networking concepts that apply to system administration and specifically how to configure Linux network interfaces. How to use the nano, vi, and emacs editors. How to schedule and automate jobs using cron. How to switch users and run processes as others. How to configure sudo. How to find and install software. Managing process and jobs. Linux shell scripting Unconditional Udemy 30 day money-back guarantee - that's my personal promise of your success! What you learn in course applies to any Linux environment including Ubuntu, Debian, Kali Linux, Linux Mint, RedHat, CentOS, Fedora, OpenSUSE, Slackware, and more. Who this course is for: Anyone with a desire to learn about Linux or Linux system administration. People that have Linux experience, but would like to learn about the Linux command line interface. Existing Linux users that want to become power users. People that need Linux knowledge for a personal or business project like hosting a website on a Linux server. Professionals that need to learn Linux to become more effective at work. Helpdesk staff, application support engineers, and application developers that are required to use, manage, or support the Linux operating system. People thinking about a career as a Linux system administrator or engineer. Researchers, college professors, and college students that will be using Linux servers to conduct research or complete course work. What Will I Get ? By the end of this course you will understand the fundamentals of the Linux system administration and be able to apply that knowledge in a practical and useful manner. Requirements A basic understanding of the Linux operating system. Please consider taking "Learn Linux in 5 Days" before taking this course. 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 4.5 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 46 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
