https://www.tutorialspoint.com/learn_ruby_on_rails_from_scratch-053/index.asp
Learn Ruby on Rails from Scratch - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Learn Ruby on Rails from Scratch A complete guide to master Ruby and Rails framework   Eduonix Learning Solutions    Development, Programming Languages, Programming Languages Other    Published on 03/2020 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Environment Set Up and Deployment 10 Lectures Introduction to the Course 07:43 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf What is Ruby on Rails? 10:04 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Installing ROR 04:58 Installation on Linux 15:25 Install Linux On VMware 10:11 Create a Sample App 13:47 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Git and Heroku - Part 1 17:11 Git And Heroku - Part 2 10:52 Git and Heroku - Part 3 16:21 Introduction to Ruby on Rails - 4 Questions Ruby Programming Language 6 Lectures Controller Views and Routes 6 Lectures Working with Models and Database 8 Lectures Scaffolding and Active Admin 5 Lectures Layout, Presentation and Testing 7 Lectures Testing and Final Deployment 4 Lectures Description This course teaches you the amazing and powerful technology of Ruby on Rails. This technology forms the backend of amazing new Websites and Web apps. Once mastered you will be able to create systems and sites similar to ones using them. Some of the top sites using Ruby on Rails are Basecamp, Twitter, Shopify, Github, LivingSocial, Groupon and Yellowpages. We bring together this series as a concise and to the point curriculum for learning advance Ruby on Rails from the very basics. The course does not assumes any prior knowledge of Ruby or Rails and is best for beginners and intermediate web developers. By the end of the series you will be able to develop interesting and exciting web apps and web solutions. This series has been created by our in house experts and focus on real and practical usage of the technology and covers the latest specifications. This series is useful for anybody who wants to quickly learn this hot new technology. Who this course is for: Any one with interest in web programming and introductory knowledge of HTML What Will I Get ? By the end of the course you will be able to create websites and websolutions using Ruby on rails You will be able to work on Rails project in your company or as freelancer You will be able to understand the concepts underlying this powerful web framework You will be able to master the Ruby Programming Language Requirements All software will be free to download and will be discussed in the course You will need a modern browser like chrome and a PC with either Windows or Linux operating system 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 9.5 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 46 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
