https://www.tutorialspoint.com/linux_logical_volume_manager_lvm/index.asp
Linux Logical Volume Manager (LVM) - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Linux Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Learn the most important LVM concepts and Linux LVM Commands in this to-the-point course on the Logical Volume Manager.   Jason Cannon    IT & Software, Operating Systems, Linux    Published on 07/2020 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Introduction 2 Lectures Introduction to the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) 02:51 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Layers of Abstraction in LVM 02:06 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Managing LVM 5 Lectures Summary 1 Lectures Downloadable LVM Companion Workbook / Guide 1 Lectures Description In this course on the Linux Logical Volume Manager you'll learn: Exactly what LVM is and when to use it. How LVM creates layers of abstraction between storage devices and file systems and how to use that to your maximum benefit. The details of how to create and manage Physical Volumes, Volume Groups, and Logical Volumes. How easy it is to extend file systems while keeping the existing data online and completely accessible during the entire process. How to create mirrored logical volumes to protect your data against single points of failure. How to migrate data from one storage device to another, without taking any downtime whatsoever. And more... This course is perfect for anyone who wants to quickly get up to speed on the Linux Logical Volume Manager. Also, this course applies to any Linux distribution as the Linux LVM commands are the same on all Linux distros. Ubuntu Red Hat Enterprise Linux / RHEL CentOS Debian SUSE And all others. This course also includes a 14-page LVM Workbook that contains all the examples and commands demonstrated in the course.  You can use it as your personal LVM cheat sheet. This course was created by Jason Cannon.  He's taught thousands of people just like you, valuable, in-demand Linux skills.  He's created many highly-rated Linux courses and even written several best-selling books on the subject, too.  In this course, he shares the most important things that allow you to quickly understand and use LVM. If you're ready to finally tackle LVM, enroll now! Who this course is for: Anyone who wants to manage logical volumes, disks, or other storage devices on Linux operating systems. What Will I Get ? Manage Logical Volumes using LVM on Linux systems and servers. Requirements A basic understanding of the Linux command line interface (CLI). 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 39 mins Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 9 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
