https://www.tutorialspoint.com/linux_security_and_hardening_the_practical_security_guide/index.asp
Linux Security and Hardening, The Practical Security Guide - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Linux Security and Hardening, The Practical Security Guide Secure any Linux server from hackers & protect it against hacking. The practical Linux Administration security guide   Jason Cannon    IT & Software, Network & Security, Cyber Security Tags - Most Popular    Published on 07/2020 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Course Overview 2 Lectures Course Overview 01:25 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Course Downloads General Security 5 Lectures Physical Security 11 Lectures Account Security 9 Lectures Network Security 12 Lectures File System Security 12 Lectures Additional Security Resources 5 Lectures Description Keep yourself and your company out of the news by protecting your Linux systems from hackers, crackers, and attackers! This course will not only teach you the security concepts and guidelines that will keep your Linux servers safe, it will walk you through hardening measures step-by-step. Hello. My name is Jason Cannon and I'm the author of Linux Administration, the founder of the Linux Training Academy, and an instructor to thousands of satisfied students. I started my IT career in the late 1990's as a Unix and Linux System Engineer. I've worked for many technology companies who take information security seriously. I've even worked for security firms such as Mandiant and FireEye. I'll be sharing my real-world Linux security experience with you throughout this course. By the end of this course you will be able to tighten up the security on any Linux system. You'll learn the security weaknesses of the Linux operating system and be given step-by-step instructions on how to protect those weaknesses. You'll even learn some security concepts that apply to information security as a whole while focusing on the Linux specific issues that require special consideration. Here is just some of what you will learn by taking this Linux Security and Hardening course: How to protect your Linux systems against hackers. Ways to prevent attackers from breaking into your systems, even when they have physical access to your machine. How to enforce strong password policies and control password as well as account aging policies on your Linux servers. SSH Hardening practices. Network security tactics. Port scanning and network service detection. How the Linux firewall works and exactly how to configure it. How to protect the superuser (root) account. Ways to share accounts securely with an audit trail. File system security and encryption. Using and configuring sudo, and why you need to. Advanced Linux permissions include special modes, file attributes, and access control lists (ACLs). Much, much more! Unconditional 30 day money-back guarantee - that's my personal promise of your success! Enroll now and start learning the skills you need to hack-proof your Linux systems today! Who this course is for: Anyone with a desire to learn how to secure and harden a computer running the Linux operating system. Linux system administrators looking to make the systems they support more secure. People thinking about a career as a Linux system administrator or engineer. This course is not for people who have never used the Linux operating system before. What Will I Get ? By the end of this course you will be able to harden a Linux system, reduce its surface of vulnerability, and reduce the risk of your Linux system being hacked or compromised. Requirements A basic understanding of the Linux operating system. Please consider taking "Learn Linux in 5 Days" before taking this course. 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 4 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 56 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
