https://www.tutorialspoint.com/linux_command_line_essentials_become_a_linux_power_user/index.asp
Linux Command Line Essentials - Become a Linux Power User! - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Linux Command Line Essentials - Become a Linux Power User! How to quickly and easily master the Linux Command Line. You'll learn how to manage files, directories, and more!   Jason Cannon    IT & Software, Operating Systems, Linux    Published on 07/2020 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Overview 1 Lectures Course Overview 02:30 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Linux Command Line 8 Lectures Bonus 1 Lectures Bonus 2 - Command Line Kung Fu 6 Lectures Description If you want to learn how to use the Linux command and want to do it quickly, read on. Hello. My name is Jason Cannon and I'm the author of Linux for Beginners as well as the founder of the Linux Training Academy.  When I ask people to tell me what they most want to learn about the Linux operating system, they all say the same thing: the command line. That's why I've created this course.  It's designed for people who want to develop command line skills on the Linux operating system and need to do it in a short period of time.   By the end of the course you will be able to easily navigate your way around a Linux system and feel confident at the command line. As an added bonus for enrolling in the Linux Command Line Essentials video training course, you'll receive a cheat sheet and reference card that lists the most important Linux commands you'll need to know.  It's a great way to quickly review what you've learned in this course AND you'll be able to easily find the command and options you're looking for too. ____________________ Here is what you will learn by taking Linux Command Line Essentials: What components make up the command line prompt. The 8 Linux commands that you'll use almost every time you log into a Linux system. Exactly where commands are located and how to find them quickly. How to get help using the built-in Linux documentation system. How to manage files and directories. The various ways to display the contents of files and how to easily edit them. And those are just the highlights… You'll learn even more along the way. What you learn in Linux Command Line Essentials applies to any Linux environment including Ubuntu, Debian, Linux Mint, RedHat, Fedora, OpenSUSE, Slackware, and more. Enroll now and start learning the skills you need to master the Linux command line! Who this course is for: People with limited time. Anyone with a desire to learn about the Linux command line. People that have Linux experience, but would like to learn about the Linux command line interface. Existing Linux users that want to become power users. People that need Linux knowledge for a personal or business project like hosting a website on a Linux server. Professionals that need to learn Linux to become more effective at work. Helpdesk staff, application support engineers, and application developers that are required to use the Linux operating system. Researchers, college professors, and college students that will be using Linux servers to conduct research or complete course work. What Will I Get ? By the end of this course you will understand the fundamentals of the Linux command line and be able to apply that knowledge in a practical and useful manner. Requirements A desire to learn. 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 1 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 16 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
