https://www.tutorialspoint.com/log4j/log4j_online_quiz.htm
log4j Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses log4j Tutorial log4j - Home log4j - Overview log4j - Installation log4j - Architecture log4j - Configuration log4j - Sample Program log4j - Logging Methods log4j - Logging Levels log4j - Log Formatting log4j - Logging in Files log4j - Logging in Database log4j Useful Resources log4j - Questions and Answers log4j - Quick Guide log4j - Useful Resources log4j - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who log4j Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to log4j Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is correct about log4j? A - It is thread-safe. B - It is optimized for speed. C - It is based on a named logger hierarchy. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is correct about level in Appender? A - Appender uses the level and the conversion pattern associated with them to format the logging information. B - The level may be a console, a file, or another item depending on the appender. C - The level is required to control the filtration of the log messages. D - Appender can have a level associated with it independent of the logger level. Answer : C Explanation level ? The level is required to control the filtration of the log messages. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following method of logger print a log message in trace mode? A - public void warn(Object message) B - public void trace(Object message) C - public void fatal(Object message) D - public void info(Object message) Answer : B Explanation public void trace(Object message) of Logger class prints messages with the level Level.TRACE. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about log4j levels? A - A log request of level p in a logger with level q is enabled if p >= q. B - A log request assumes that levels are ordered. C - For the standard levels, we have ALL < DEBUG < INFO < WARN < ERROR < FATAL < OFF. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 5 - What is the purpose of n character used in the conversionPattern of PatternLayout object? A - Outputs the platform dependent line separator character or characters. B - Used to output the priority of the logging event. C - Used to output the number of milliseconds elapsed from the construction of the layout until the creation of the logging event. D - Used to output the name of the thread that generated the logging event. Answer : A Explanation n ? Outputs the platform dependent line separator character or characters. Show Answer Q 6 - What is the intent of %-20.30c format modifier? A - Left pad with spaces if the category name is shorter than 20 characters. However, if the category name is longer than 30 characters, then truncate from the beginning. B - Right pad with spaces if the category name is shorter than 20 characters. However, if the category name is longer than 30 characters, then truncate from the beginning. C - Truncate from the beginning if the category name is longer than 20 characters. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation %-20.30c ? Right pad with spaces if the category name is shorter than 20 characters. However, if the category name is longer than 30 characters, then truncate from the beginning. Show Answer Q 7 - What is the purpose of fileAppend configuration of FileAppender? A - logging information to be appended to the end of the same file. B - to set the buffered writing. C - to set the buffer size D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation fileAppend ? This is by default set to true, which means the logging information being appended to the end of the same file. Show Answer Q 8 - What is the purpose of maxFileSize configuration of RollingFileAppender? A - to set the critical size of the file above which the file will be rolled. B - to set the number of backup files to be created. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation maxFileSize ? This is the critical size of the file above which the file will be rolled. Show Answer Q 9 - What is the purpose of driver configuration of JDBCAppender? A - to set the driver class to the specified string. B - to set the database password. C - to specify the SQL statement to be executed every time a logging event occurs. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation driver ? Sets the driver class to the specified string. If no driver class is specified, it defaults to sun.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbcDriver. Show Answer Q 10 - The target may be a console, a file, or another item depending on the appender. A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation true ? The target may be a console, a file, or another item depending on the appender. Show Answer log4j_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
