https://www.tutorialspoint.com/maven/maven_online_quiz.htm
Maven - Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Maven Tutorial Maven - Home Maven - Overview Maven - Environment Setup Maven - POM Maven - Build Life Cycle Maven - Build Profiles Maven - Repositories Maven - Plug-ins Maven - Creating Project Maven - Build & Test Project Maven - External Dependencies Maven - Project Documents Maven - Project Templates Maven - Snapshots Maven - Build Automation Maven - Manage Dependencies Maven - Deployment Automation Maven - Web Application Maven - Eclipse IDE Maven - NetBeans Maven - IntelliJ IDEA Maven Useful Resources Maven - Questions and Answers Maven - Quick Guide Maven - Useful Resources Maven - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Maven - Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Maven. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What of the following is true about POM? A - It is fundamental Unit of Work in Maven. B - It is an XML file. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation POM stands for Project Object Model. It is fundamental Unit of Work in Maven. It is an XML file. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is true about maven artifact? A - Each artifact has a group ID, an artifact ID (just a name), and a version string. B - The group ID,artifact ID and version together uniquely identify the artifact. C - A project's dependencies are specified as artifacts. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation Each artifact has a group ID (usually a reversed domain name, like com.example.foo), an artifact ID (just a name), and a version string. The three together uniquely identify the artifact. A project's dependencies are specified as artifacts. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following command quickly builds Maven site? A - mvn clean B - mvn build C - mvn compile D - mvn site Answer : D Explanation mvn site command can quickly builds Maven site. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about Maven repository? A - A repository is a place i.e. directory where all the project jars, library jar, plugins or any other project specific artifacts are stored. B - Maven repository is used by Maven. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation A repository is a place i.e. directory where all the project jars, library jar, plugins or any other project specific artifacts are stored and can be used by Maven easily. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following is true about Maven local repository? A - Maven local repository is a folder location on your machine. B - It gets created when you run any maven command for the first time. C - Maven local repository keeps your project's all dependencies (library jars, plugin jars etc). D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation Maven local repository is a folder location on your machine. It gets created when you run any maven command for the first time. Maven local repository keeps your project's all dependencies (library jars, plugin jars etc). Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following scope indicates that you have to provide the system path? A - system B - import C - runtime D - test Answer : A Explanation system ? This scope indicates that you have to provide the system path. Show Answer Q 7 - What MOJO stands for? A - Main plain Old Java Object B - Maven plain Old Java Object C - Maven plus Old Java Object D - Maven plain Old Java Objective Answer : B Explanation A mojo is a Maven plain Old Java Object. Show Answer Q 8 - Root element of POM.xml is project. A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation Root element of POM.xml is project. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following phase in maven life cycle post-processes the generated files from compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement/optimization on Java classes? A - process-classes B - process-test-sources C - process-test-classes D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation process-classes post-processes the generated files from compilation, for example to do bytecode enhancement/optimization on Java classes. Show Answer Q 10 - When dependency in local repository is not found, then Maven searches dependency in central repository. A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation Maven searches dependency in central repository, if not found and remote repository/repositories is/are mentioned then searches in remote repositories else if found, then it is downloaded to local repository for future reference. Show Answer maven_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
