https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime-pack/ms-excel-by-simon-sez/index.asp
MS Excel by Simon Sez - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs MS Excel by Simon Sez 7 hand-picked video courses to master MS Excel   Tutorialspoint    Office Productivity, Microsoft, Excel Prime Pack Content Overview Microsoft Excel for Beginners Video 105  Lectures  |   7 hr 27 min  |   5  Preview Lectures The Advanced Excel Course Video 58  Lectures  |   8 hr 5 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Intro to Advanced Formulas in Excel Video 13  Lectures  |   2 hr 7 min  |   2  Preview Lectures Essential VBA Training for Excel - Automate Repetitive Tasks Video 33  Lectures  |   3 hr 57 min  |   4  Preview Lectures Master VBA for Excel: Discover How to Put Excel on Autopilot Video 36  Lectures  |   4 hr 17 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Interactive Excel Dashboards Video 78  Lectures  |   9 hr 40 min  |   5  Preview Lectures Excel for Business Analysts Online Course Video 54  Lectures  |   7 hr 14 min  |   4  Preview Lectures Description Hands-on Experience on Microsoft Excel From Beginners to Advance Level, Introduction to Advance Formulas, VBA Training to Excel, Creating and Building Interactive Dashboards, Business Analytics & Much More. Overview: 7 Modules 378+ Lectures 41+ Hrs HD Videos Course Designed By Industry Experts Up-to-Date Curriculum Full Lifetime Access 30 Days Refund Policy Certificate on Completion About Premium Pack: Welcome to Our MS Excel Premium Pack. It has been designed in such a way that it will grant learning access to Microsoft Office in the 3-course bundle for Office 355 or Office 2019 users from beginner to advance level.  Excel with advanced formulas, macros, and VBA. Creating impressive dashboards from scratch, performing data analysis from Simon Sez IT. Scope of MS Excel: MS Excel has many advantages to those who are working with multinational companies utilizing different advanced excel formulas and functions while preparing ready MIS reports for their organizations.  Learning MS Excel skills will open doors for data analysis, business analysis, MIS, etc. The career scope of advanced excel is excellent in the job market. Big data and data science are two significant fields with attractive salaries. With little investment, it is advisable for all professionals in the field to acquire MS Excel certification. What You Will Get? Learn the essential Microsoft Office Skills in this three-course bundle: Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. Discover how to modify a variety of standard behaviors, such as double-clicking, opening files, and saving files through VBA. Learn to unlock advanced Excel formulas How to record a complex, multi-step macro and assign it to a button How to automate tasks and operations that you perform frequently. How to modify the Excel user interface, including the "Ribbon" and context menus to interact with your VBA code. About Dashboard architecture and inspiration How to create a Sales Dashboard from scratch How to create an HR Dashboard from scratch How to merge data from different sources using VLOOKUP, HLOOKUP, INDEX MATCH, and XLOOKUP How to use IF, IFS, IFERROR, SUMIF, and COUNTIF to apply logic to your analysis How to split data using text functions SEARCH, LEFT, RIGHT, MID Requirements: A basic understanding of how to use Microsoft Excel Microsoft Excel for Windows. The course was created using Excel 2019/365 for Windows. All of the code used in this course except for one property is compatible with Excel 2007, Excel 2010, Excel 2013, Excel 2016, and Excel 2019. Beginner knowledge of Excel for VBA. This Prime Pack Includes : 42.5 hours 7 Video Courses Lifetime Access Price - You Save Add to Cart Buy Now About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
