https://www.tutorialspoint.com/mvc_framework/mvc_framework_online_quiz.htm
MVC Framework Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses MVC Framework Tutorial MVC Framework - Home MVC Framework - Introduction MVC Framework - Architecture MVC Framework - ASP.NET Forms MVC Framework - First Application MVC Framework - Folders MVC Framework - Models MVC Framework - Controllers MVC Framework - Views MVC Framework - Layouts MVC Framework - Routing Engine MVC Framework - Action Filters Advanced Example MVC Framework - Ajax Support MVC Framework - Bundling Exception Handling MVC Framework Useful Resources Questions & Answers MVC Framework - Quick Guide MVC Framework - Resources MVC Framework - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who MVC Framework Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to MVC Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What are examples of hybrid applications using Windows Azure? (Choose all that apply.) A - An application where the local network hosts the IIS server while the database is being run from the corporate IT office B - An application where Windows Azure is used to host the IIS process, and Windows Azure SQL is used to store the data C - An application where the IIS process is run on a local web server, whereas the data is stored in Windows Azure SQL D - An application where the web part of the application is run on Windows Azure, whereas the confidential data is stored in the company's network E - C and D both F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.Part of the application is being run in the Windows Azure environment; the other part is being run in the corporate network environment. Show Answer Q 2 - You are adding a reporting vertical to an enterprise application. Many of the reports will be run every morning by a set of users. Some of the reports will be identical as every member of a team will get the same report sometime in the morning. What kind of caching will provide an improvement in performance? (Choose all that apply.) A - Data caching B - Page output caching with duration of two minutes C - Page output caching with duration of four hours D - Windows AppFabric caching E - A, C and D F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.Data caching with the appropriate timeout will enable the data needed for the reports to be stored so that the call to the database is not necessary.A page output caching of four hours caches the output of the report for the whole morning and should eliminate the need for the report to be run a second time.AppFabric caching acts much like data caching to eliminate the need for additional calls to the database to generate the reports. Show Answer Q 3 - What are compelling reasons to switch from static web content to dynamic web content? (Choose all that apply.) A - The ability to substitute a new image for the company logo B - The ability to display information from a database C - The ability to link to other pages outside of your application D - The ability to display information pertaining to the current user E - B and D both F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.Displaying data from a database is an ideal reason to use a dynamic website.Personalization, or displaying information about the user on-screen, is an example of dynamic content. Show Answer Q 4 - Your company has joined an industry accessibility group and you are a member. As one of your responsibilities, you have been asked to estimate the time it would take to modify your corporate site for accessibility. What should you consider to properly estimate the required time? (Choose all that apply.) A - The amount of text in the website B - The level of current usage of HTML helpers in your views C - The numbers of controllers in the application D - The complexity of your data entry forms E - B and D both F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.Because ASP.NET MVC 3 HTML helpers are not ARIA compliant, you need to write custom HTML helpers or use a different process to create HTML forms.Because many of the problems with accessibility are related to giving context to content, complex forms need a thorough review to ensure that labels and section context are provided for every element on the page. Show Answer Q 5 - You are the lead developer on a team that has been working on a large website for months, and several controllers are getting unwieldy. You do not have that problem with views and models because most of your communications are through AJAX to display snippets of information on the UI. What changes can best help you solve your problem? (Choose all that apply.) A - Create partial classes for the controllers that have AJAX functionality to create a set of Controller.Ajax.cs files. Put the AJAX-specific functionality in those files. B - Create an area called AJAX. Move all controllers, models, and views into the area. C - Create an area called AJAX. Move the specific AJAX functionality into the Controllers directory and leave the Views and Models directories empty. D - Create a new ASP.NET MVC 4 application project. Move the AJAX functionality into that so that it will be more responsive. E - A and C both F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.Creating partial classes offers some relief to the problem that you are ex- periencing, although not as much as a more-functional separation such as offered by areas. You do not have to make any UI changes, however. Your best move is to separate the AJAX components into an area. You would have to change all the calls to it, but you would achieve complete separa- tion of concern for AJAX calls. Show Answer Q 6 - You are adding the capability for users to customize their site's display colors. You are required to provide a slider that enables users to change each RGB element. What can you do to ensure that this gets treated in the model and stored in the database as a single RGB color? (Choose all that apply.) A - Strongly bind the sliders to their own individual fields in the model. Ensure that the model unit for color only implements the GET, where you write code that concatenates the values. B - Create a custom model binder that knows to look for the three values and how to put them together to get the single color. C - Add the three different elements to the model and ensure that your update statement to the database correctly joins the elements to get the appropriate color. D - Create a custom model binder that evaluates the entire color customization process and binds the entire model rather than just managing a subset of the information. E - B and D both F - All of the above Answer : E Explanation E.This solution works because it combines the three discrete values into a single object on the model.Although it takes more work, using an approach of creating a model binder for the entire object, rather than just a part, successfully manages the need to have it in the model and in the database. Show Answer Q 7 - You want to configure Windows Azure diagnostics. Where do you configure the specific Performance Monitors you want to have run in support of your application? A - ServiceDefinition.csdef B - ServiceConfiguration.cscfg C - Diagnostics.wadcfg D - Web.config E - A and B both F - All of the above Answer : C Explanation C.You configure specific monitors that will run in your application in the Diagnostics.wadcfg file. Show Answer Q 8 - What kind of helper methods does WebSecurity provide? (Choose all that apply.) A - Login B - ResetPassword C - CreateAccount D - ChangePassword E - DeleteAccount F - A ,B , C and D Answer : F Explanation F.Login is one of the methods provided by the WebSecurity helper.ResetPassword is one of the methods provided by the WebSecurity helper.CreateAccount is one of the methods provided by the WebSecurity helper.ChangePassword is one of the methods provided by the WebSecurity helper. Show Answer Q 9 - You are developing an ASP.NET MVC 2 application. A view contains a form that allows users to submit their first name. You need to display the value that is submitted, and you must ensure that your code avoids crosssite scripting. Which code segment should you use? A - <% Response.Write(HttpUtility.HtmlDecode(Model.FirstName)) %> B - <%: Model.FirstName %> C - <%= Model.FirstName %> D - Both b&c will work E - A and D both F - All of the above Answer : B Explanation B.<%: Model.FirstName %> avoids cross site scripting Show Answer Q 10 - Which Action Result Renders a partial view, which defines a section of a view that can be rendered inside another view? A - ContentResult B - RedirectResult C - PartialViewResult D - None of above. E - C and D both F - All of the above Answer : C Explanation C.PartialViewResult Show Answer mvc_framework_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
