https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime-pack/mysql-technologies-pack/index.asp
MySQL Technologies Pack - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs MySQL Technologies Pack Get a Hands-On experience of MySQL with 6 Courses & an E-Book   Tutorialspoint Prime Pack Content Overview Relational Database Design Essentials Video 27  Lectures  |   2 hr 51 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Learn MySQL - For Beginners Video 27  Lectures  |   1 hr 27 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Basic Concepts of MySQL Database Video 42  Lectures  |   13 hr 20 min  |   5  Preview Lectures Learn Database Design with MySQL Video 31  Lectures  |   6 hr 14 min  |   4  Preview Lectures Database Management Systems - MySQL Video 6  Lectures  |   3 hr 45 min  |   0  Preview Lectures MySQL Database Development Mastery Video 25  Lectures  |   4 hr 19 min  |   3  Preview Lectures MySQL Tutorial Ebook 93 Pages MySQL Tutorial Preview Description Overview: Learn SQL from Basic MySQL Database Operations to Database Management Systems - MySQL, Fundamental Database Development Techniques with MySQL Server And Workbench, Oracle SQL Data Modeler, Data Modelling and Design, SQL Essentials. 6 Modules 158+ Lectures 30+ Hrs HD Videos Course Designed by Industry Experts Up-to-Date Curriculum 1 eBook Full Lifetime Access 30 Days Refund Policy Certificate on Completion About Premium Pack: Welcome to our SQL Premium Pack. We have designed our courses in such a way that individuals can get the insights to turn raw data into actionable insights. Our Course is not only for  software engineers and system administrators and it also helps analysts to gain important insights into new marketplaces and make more informed strategic decisions. Scope of SQL: SQL is a massive technology and it is not permitted in computer science and can be seen in  Retail, Finance, Healthcare, Science & Technology, Public Sector. Average SQL Developer earns $88,334 per year. SQL ( Structured Query Language ) is Needed for Data Scientists to get the data and to work with that data. Goals Database Design Process, Normalization, Database Development using MySQL Master SQL using PHP Understand and develop business process models( data flow diagrams) through Oracle SQL modeler. Basics of MySQL Database and Syntax Effective creation of Process models, Logical data models and Relational data models Database Normalization with Examples - 1st, 2nd and 3rd form of Normalization MySQL Database Administration and PhpMyAdmin Fundamentals MySQL Security and Root Superuser and Updating Data in MySQL DB Fundamentals and Overview of DBMS course Database Design - Beginner to Advance Level Prerequisites Basic Computer Skills Basic Mathematics skills might be beneficial Understanding of Basic web terminology A Reliable Computer This Prime Pack Includes : 32 hours 6 Video Courses 1 eBooks Lifetime Access Price - You Save Add to Cart Buy Now About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
