https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nodejs/nodejs_online_quiz.htm
Node.js Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Node.js Tutorial Node.js - Home Node.js - Introduction Node.js - Environment Setup Node.js - First Application Node.js - REPL Terminal Node.js - Package Manager (NPM) Node.js - Callbacks Concept Node.js - Event Loop Node.js - Event Emitter Node.js - Buffers Node.js - Streams Node.js - File System Node.js - Global Objects Node.js - Utility Modules Node.js - Web Module Node.js - Express Framework Node.js - RESTFul API Node.js - Scaling Application Node.js - Packaging Node.js Useful Resources Node.js - Quick Guide Node.js - Useful Resources Node.js - Dicussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Node.js Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Node.js Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What is Node.JS? A - Node.js is a web server. B - Node.js is a JavaScript based framework/platform built on Google Chrome's JavaScript V8 Engine. C - Node.js is a java based framework. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation Node.js is a JavaScript based framework/platform built on Google Chrome's JavaScript V8 Engine. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following command will show all the modules installed globally? A - $ npm ls -g B - $ npm ls C - $ node ls -g D - $ node ls Answer : A Explanation Executing $ npm ls -g command will show all the modules installed globally. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following code converts a buffer buf to JSON object? A - buf.toJSON() B - buf.json() C - buf.covertToJson() D - buf.jsonify() Answer : A Explanation buf.toJSON() converts a buffer buf to JSON object. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is true about File I/O in Node applications? A - Node implements File I/O using simple wrappers around standard POSIX functions. B - Node File System (fs) module should be imported for File I/O opearations. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Node implements File I/O using simple wrappers around standard POSIX functions. Node File System (fs) module should be imported for File I/O opearations. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following is true about setTimeout(cb, ms) global function? A - The setTimeout(cb, ms) global function is used to run callback cb after at least ms milliseconds. B - The setTimeout(cb, ms) function returns an opaque value that represents the timer which can be used to clear the timer. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation The setTimeout(cb, ms) global function is used to run callback cb after at least ms milliseconds. The actual delay depends on external factors like OS timer granularity and system load. A timer cannot span more than 24.8 days. This function returns an opaque value that represents the timer which can be used to clear the timer. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following code print the name of operating system? A - console.log('type : ' + os.type); B - console.log('type : ' + os.type()); C - console.log('type : ' + os.getType()); D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation os.type() returns the operating system name. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following code print the total system memory of operating system? A - console.log('total memory : ' + os.totalmem() + " bytes."); B - console.log('total memory : ' + os.totalmem + " bytes."); C - console.log('total memory : ' + os.getTotalMemory() + " bytes."); D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation os.totalmem() returns the total amount of system memory in bytes. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following method resolves an ip address to an array of hostnames? A - dns.reverse(ip, callback) B - dns.resolve(hostname[, rrtype], callback) C - dns.resolve4(hostname, callback) D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation dns.reverse(ip, callback) resolves an ip address to an array of hostnames. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is true about fork methd of child_process module. A - The fork() method method is a special case of the spawn() to create Node processes. B - The fork method returns object with a built-in communication channel in addition to having all the methods in a normal ChildProcess instance. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation The fork() method method is a special case of the spawn() to create Node processes. It returns object with a built-in communication channel in addition to having all the methods in a normal ChildProcess instance. Show Answer Q 10 - Transform stream is a type of duplex stream. A - true B - false Answer : A Explanation Transform stream is a duplex stream where the output is computed based on input. Show Answer nodejs_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
