https://www.tutorialspoint.com/perl/perl_online_quiz.htm
Perl Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Perl Basics Perl - Home Perl - Introduction Perl - Environment Perl - Syntax Overview Perl - Data Types Perl - Variables Perl - Scalars Perl - Arrays Perl - Hashes Perl - IF...ELSE Perl - Loops Perl - Operators Perl - Date & Time Perl - Subroutines Perl - References Perl - Formats Perl - File I/O Perl - Directories Perl - Error Handling Perl - Special Variables Perl - Coding Standard Perl - Regular Expressions Perl - Sending Email Perl Advanced Perl - Socket Programming Perl - Object Oriented Perl - Database Access Perl - CGI Programming Perl - Packages & Modules Perl - Process Management Perl - Embedded Documentation Perl - Functions References Perl Useful Resources Perl - Questions and Answers Perl - Quick Guide Perl - Useful Resources Perl - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Perl Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Perl. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following correctly describes Hashes data types in Perl? A - These are simple variables. They are preceded by a dollar sign ($). B - These are ordered lists of scalars that you access with a numeric index which starts with 0. C - These are unordered sets of key/value pairs that you access using the keys as subscripts. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Hashes are unordered sets of key/value pairs that you access using the keys as subscripts. They are preceded by a percent sign (%). Show Answer Q 2 - In which of the following variable context, assignment to an array or a hash evaluates the right-hand side in a list context? A - Scalar B - List C - Boolean D - Void. Answer : B Explanation List ? Assignment to an array or a hash evaluates the right-hand side in a list context. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following method pushes the values of the list onto the end of the array? A - push @ARRAY, LIST B - pop @ARRAY C - shift @ARRAY D - unshift @ARRAY, LIST Answer : A Explanation push @ARRAY, LIST ? Pushes the values of the list onto the end of the array. Show Answer Q 4 - How will you get the size of a Hash? A - Using scalar context B - using sizeof operator C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explanation You can get the size ? that is, the number of elements from a hash by using the scalar context on either keys or values. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following statement repeats a statement or group of statements until a given condition becomes true. It tests the condition before executing the loop body? A - while B - until C - for D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation until loop ? Repeats a statement or group of statements until a given condition becomes true. It tests the condition before executing the loop body. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following operator returns true if the left argument is stringwise less than the right argument? A - lt B - gt C - le D - ge Answer : A Explanation lt ? Returns true if the left argument is stringwise less than the right argument. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following operator decreases integer value by one? A - -- B - -> C - .. D - ++ Answer : A Explanation -- ? Auto Decrement operator decreases integer value by one. Show Answer Q 8 - How will you get the count of parameters passed to a perl subroutine? A - Using args B - using scalar(@_) C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation using scalar(@_), we can get the total number of arguments passed. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is true about state variables? A - state variables maintain their state and they do not get reinitialized upon multiple calls of the subroutines. B - These variables are defined using the state operator and available starting from Perl 5.9.4. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Both of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following function returns a single character from the specified FILEHANDLE, or STDIN if none is specified? A - close B - getc C - seek D - None of the above. Answer : B Explanation The getc function returns a single character from the specified FILEHANDLE, or STDIN if none is specified. Show Answer perl_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
