https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qc/qc_online_quiz.htm
QC Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Quality Center Tutorial QC - Home QC - Introduction QC - Environment Setup QC - Server Side Configurations QC - Common Functionalities QC - Management QC - Requirements QC - Test Plan QC - Test Lab QTP - QC Integration QC - Defects QC - Dashboard Analysis QC - Project Customization QC Useful Resources QC - Questions and Answers QC - Quick Guide QC - Useful Resources QC - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who QC Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to QC Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - How are related projects grouped? A - By test set B - By package C - By domain D - By class Answer : C Explanation Projects are grouped together using Domains Show Answer Q 2 - As the project administrator of a project that is linked to a template project, what can you do? A - Synchronize project customizations with the linked template project on demand B - Roll back project customizations if problems are detected C - Request suspension of template customizations being applied D - Run verification prior to synchronization with the template project Answer : C Explanation Request suspension of template customizations being applied. Show Answer Q 3 - Which feature enables the manager of an HP Application Lifecycle Management project to define a snapshot of the requirements after they are signed off by users? A - Baseline B - Traceability Matrix C - Document Generator D - Graph Wizard Answer : A Explanation Baseline enables the manager of an HP Application Lifecycle Management project to define a snapshot of the requirements after they are signed off by users Show Answer Q 4 - Which tool enables you to export data from ALM to a Microsoft Word document? A - Word Document Generator B - Document Generator C - Data Exporter D - Data Export Wizard Answer : B Explanation Document Generator enables you to export data from ALM to a Microsoft Word document. Show Answer Q 5 - Which entities can be associated with a requirement? A - Tests, defects, and non-hierarchical requirements B - Tests, defects, and linked requirements C - Cycles, releases, tests, defects, and requirements D - Releases, business components, tests, defects, and requirements Answer : C Explanation Cycles, releases, tests, defects, and requirements can be associated with a requirement. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the item is not a part of "Developing a test plan" in ALM. A - Design Test Steps B - Design Tests C - Automate Tests D - Define Testing Policy Settings Answer : D Explanation Define Testing Policy Settings is not a part of "Developing a test plan" in ALM. Show Answer Q 7 - A ______ indicates that the alert is new. A gray flag indicates that the alert has already been read. A - Green flag B - Pink flag C - Red flag D - Blue flag Answer : C Explanation Red flag indicates that the alert is new. Show Answer Q 8 - When defining a filter, you can also include a cross filter. This is an advanced ________ on an associated item such as requirements, tests, test sets, or defects. A - Secondary filter B - Primary filter C - Cross filter D - Second filter Answer : C Explanation This is an advanced cross filter on an associated item such as requirements, tests, test sets, or defects. Show Answer Q 9 - You use the _________ pages to specify the information from the test plan tree view of the Test Plan module that should appear in the project document. A - Subject Tree B - Subject Tests C - Subject plans D - Both A & B Answer : D Explanation We can use the Subject Tree & Subject Tests pages to specify the information from the test plan tree view of the Test Plan module that should appear in the project document. Show Answer Q 10 - When we Run a test, in the Manual Test Run window, by default which option is selected A - Manual Runner (Run according to the order in the Execute GriD). B - Automatic Runner. C - Load Runner. D - Quick Test Runner. Answer : A Explanation When we Run a test, in the Manual Test Run window, by default Manual Runner - Run according to the order in the Execution GriD. Show Answer qc_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
