https://www.tutorialspoint.com/qtp/qtp_online_quiz.htm
QTP Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses QTP Tutorial QTP - Home QTP - Introduction QTP - Test Automation QTP - Environment Setup QTP - Record and Play Back QTP - Object Repository QTP - Actions QTP - DataTables QTP - Checkpoints QTP - Synchronization QTP - Smart Identification QTP - Debugging QTP - Error Handling QTP - Recovery Scenarios QTP - Environment Variables QTP - Library Files QTP - Test Results QTP - GUI Objects QTP - Virtual Objects QTP - Accessing Databases QTP - Working with XML QTP - Descriptive Programming QTP - Automation Object Model QTP - Frameworks QTP - Designing a Framework QTP Useful Resources QTP - Questions and Answers QTP - Quick Guide QTP - Useful Resources QTP - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who QTP Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to QTP Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Can you enhance your test by parameterizing the values used. Which of the following are valid parameter type and can be used in your test? Test/Action parameters Data table parameters Environment variable parameter Recovery Parameters Resources parameters A - (1) and (3) only B - (2) and (4) Only C - (1) (2) and (3) Only D - (3) and (4) only Answer : C Explanation There are four types of parameters in UFT – Test/Action parameter, Data table parameter, Environment variable parameter and Random number parameter. Show Answer Q 2 - How can you create a .zip file of your test? File > Export Test to zip file File > Save as zip file File > Save Test with sources and select Archive test and resource files in a zip file check box CTRL+ALT+S you can not create a .zip file of the test. A - (1) (3) and (4) only B - (4) Only C - (1) and(3) Only D - All (1) (2) (3) and (4) Answer : A Explanation UFT has a feature to export youur test to a zip file. you can do this by selecting ‘File >> Export Test to zip file’ (CTRL+ALT+S) menu options, or while saving the test with resources(File>Save Test with Resources) and select Archive test and resource files in a zip file check box. Show Answer Q 3 - Where can you reset the add-in manager if it does not display when you launch UFT? A - General Options B - Run Options C - Test Properties D - Test Settings Answer : A Explanation It is available under Tools menu. Show Answer Q 4 - Which bitmap checkpoint feature allows the checkpoint to pass even if bitmaps are not identical? A - bit tolerance B - RGB tolerance C - BW tolerance D - image tolerance Answer : B Explanation Bitmap checkpoint checks for RGB Tolerance even if bitmaps are not identical. Show Answer Q 5 - A tester uses UFT connected to Quality Center (ALM) and the tests are stored in ALM. At an upcoming conference, this tester wants to demonstrate a new UFT test. The test makes calls to reusable actions from other QuickTest Professional tests stored in Quality Center. What is the simplest way to make the test portable so it can run disconnected from Quality Center? A - Use the QuickTest Professional Save test with resources feature. B - Change the calls to the reusable actions, use copies of the reusable actions, and then use the QuickTest Professional Save test with resources feature. C - Use the QuickTest Professional Save test with resources feature for main test and do the same for the test that contains the called reusable actions. D - Use the QuickTest Professional Export to zip feature. Answer : A Explanation Tester should use the QuickTest Professional Save test with resources feature to demonstrate a new UFT test inorder to make the test portable so it can run disconnected from Quality Center. Show Answer Q 6 - What is the shortcut key to expand all the branches in the keyword view? A + B - C ctrl+ENTER D * Answer : D Explanation Asterisk can be used to expand all the branches in the keyword view. Show Answer Q 7 - A checkpoint returns a _________ value. A - Integer B - Float C - Boolean D - Checkpoint does not return a value Answer : C Explanation Checkpoint returns a Boolean value. Show Answer Q 8 - How can you declare a variable in UFT? A - Dim MyVar B - Dim 123MyVar C - Dim MyVar, 123MyVar D - Dim My.Var Answer : A Explanation A variable should not begin with a numeric character and should not contain an embedded period. Show Answer Q 9 - What does Browser navigation timeout at Setting option imply? A - sets the maximum time (in seconds) that UFT waits for a web page to load before running a step B - sets the minimum time (in seconds) that UFT waits for a web page to load before running a step C - sets the maximum time (in minutes) that UFT waits for a web page to load before running a step D - sets the minimum time (in minutes) that UFT waits for a web page to load before running a step Answer : A Explanation Browser Timeout setting instructs UFT to wait for the specified time to load a web page before running a step. Show Answer Q 10 - What is the purpose of the Visual Relation Identifier? A - It allows identification of objects, based on mapping of the Object Hierarchy to the AUT. B - It allows identification of objects, based on sorting of objects on the AUT in a specific order. C - It allows identification of objects, based on mapping to specific default classes. D - It allows identification of objects, based on their neighboring objects. Answer : D Explanation It allows identification of objects, based on their neighboring objects. Show Answer qtp_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
