https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ebook/reactive_state_for_angular_with_ngrx/index.asp
Reactive State for Angular with NgRx - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Add to Cart Buy Now Reactive State for Angular with NgRx   Amit Gharat   BPB Publications    Formats - EPUB, PDF    Pages - 188    ISBN - 9789389898248    Development, Web Development, Angular Tags - Featured    Published on 11/2020 You Save About the eBook eBook Preview Author Details Description Learn how to build a Reactive Application with Ngrx and Angular Key Features • Learn how to create your own minimalistic Redux implementation. • Get familiar with the working of NgRx Store. • Learn how to handle asynchronous events without breaking Redux paradigm using NgRx Effects. • Learn how to manage router state using NgRx Router Store. • Deal with a list of records using an entity state adapter pattern using NgRx Entity. Description This book will help you learn NgRx in and out. We will start by discussing the fundamental ideas that underpin the design for the centralized store and the need for state management in Angular. We will then learn about the Redux paradigm and the three rules it governs. Along the way, we will explore various Redux terminologies in terms of action, dispatcher, and reducer and will then create our minimalistic version of Redux. We will have a dedicated chapter that paves the way for an Angular application in which we will be integrating NgRx throughout the book. We will also work with Redux Devtools, which will be crucial to debugging NgRx. The book also focuses on the creation of the NgRx Store using @ngrx/schematics and hooking it up in the sample Angular application we built previously. Till here, the sample Angular application is purely relying on NgRx to read/write the application state except for the router state. Next, we will leverage the NgRx Router Store to bring the router state under the radar of NgRx as well so that the entire sample Angular application would be using a single source of truth in terms of NgRx for any application data. Towards the end, we will optimize the list of records using a proven entity state adapter pattern via NgRx Entity to interact with such records at the individual level to be efficient and performant. What will you learn • Learn the fundamentals of State Management. • Learn how NgRx works under the hood and make your Angular applications truly reactive. • Learn how to handle asynchronous events with NgRx Effects. • Learn how to use record collection using NgRx Entity. • Learn advanced Angular application using Angular/Material/NgRx/RxJS/TypeScript. • Get acquainted with the knowledge to understand any other state management library. Who this book is for Beginners, as well as Experienced Angular developers who want to write sustainable Angular applications over time, will benefit from this book. This book is for anyone interested in State Management with NgRx in Angular. Table of Contents 1. Redux Principles for ROCK solid application state 2. Setting up NgRx in Angular 3. NgRx Store 4. NgRx Effects 5. NgRx Router Store 6. NgRx Entity State No Datials Available Related eBooks view more About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
