https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_ewm/sap_ewm_online_quiz.htm
SAP EWM Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses SAP EWM Tutorial SAP EWM - Home SAP EWM - Overview SAP EWM - Organization Units SAP EWM - Master Data SAP EWM - Structure Elements SAP EWM - Work Center Warehouse Process Types Selling and Receiving Goods Maintaining Serial Numbers SAP EWM - Value Added Services Direct Goods Issue Process SAP EWM - Storage Control SAP EWM - Deconsolidation Pick, Pack, and Pass of Goods SAP EWM - Replenishment SAP EWM - Physical Inventory SAP EWM - Slotting SAP EWM - Labor Management SAP EWM - Production Supply SAP EWM - Expected Good Receipts SAP EWM - Cross Docking SAP EWM - RF Framework SAP EWM - Warehouse Monitoring Inbound and Outbound Delivery SAP EWM Useful Resources SAP EWM - Questions Answers SAP EWM - Quick Guide SAP EWM - Useful Resources SAP EWM - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who SAP EWM Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to SAP EWM. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is used to transfer master data maintained in ERP system like customer, material and vendor which are available in ERP system are transferred to EWM system? A - Core Interface CIF B - Plant C - Storage bin D - All of the above Answer : A Explanation Core interface is one of the common method for communication between SAP SCM system and SAP Advanced Planning and Optimization APO. Master data maintained in ERP system like customer, material and vendor which are available in ERP system are transferred to EWM system use Core Interface CIF communication. Show Answer Q 2 - A Warehouse consists of which of the following elements in hierarchical structure? A - Warehouse Number B - Storage Type C - Storage Section D - Activity Area E - All of the above Answer : E Explanation Warehouse consists of following elements in hierarchical structure: Warehouse Number Storage Type Storage Section Storage bin Activity Area Show Answer Q 3 - Work center in a Warehouse is used for which of the following processes? A - Packing B - Deconsolidation C - Counting D - All of the above Answer : D Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following components are part of a Warehouse structure? A - Warehouse Number B - Storage Section C - Storage Bin D - Quant E - All of the above Answer : E Explanation Warehouse structure contains a Warehouse number, Storage types, Storage sections, storage bins and Quant. Show Answer Q 5 - When no storage location for picking is specified in order item, which of the following is correct? A - System determines the storage location when it creates the outbound delivery and copies it into the delivery item. B - Storage location is defined from the plant. C - Storage location entered in customer master is considered. D - All of the above Answer : A Explanation When no storage location for picking is specified in the order item, the system determines the storage location when it creates the outbound delivery and copies it into the delivery item. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following Transaction code is used to create a transfer order for moving partial stocks within a warehouse number? A - LT01 B - LT02 C - LT03 D - LT20 Answer : A Explanation Create Transfer Order without Source Object (transaction code LT01) Show Answer Q 7 - When handling unit contains different products and products has to put away in different storage sections, which of the following is used? A - Deconsolidation function B - Stock Denial C - Put Away task D - Activity Area Answer : A Explanation Deconsolidation function can be used to divide handling units across different putaway handling units. This is required when deconsolidate handling unit contains different products and products has to put away in different storage sections. This is defined under consolidation groups for storage control. Show Answer Q 8 - You can perform sorting across multiple storage types is possible by defining storage type groups? A - True B - False Answer : A Show Answer Q 9 - In planned replenishment, Replenishment control is triggered when the stock is less than the minimum quantity? A - True B - False Answer : A Explanation Planned replenishment can be performed either interactively or in the background. The system calculates the replenishment in accordance with the defined minimum quantity and maximum quantity. Replenishment control is triggered when the stock is less than the minimum quantity. Show Answer Q 10 - In which of the following Physical inventory type, system is configured to perform an inventory on a specific day or over a short time period? A - Periodic B - Continuous C - Cycle Counting D - All of the above Answer : A Explanation Periodic System is configured to perform an inventory on a specific day or over a short time period. Show Answer sap_ewm_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
