https://www.tutorialspoint.com/sap_qm/sap_qm_online_quiz.htm
SAP QM Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses SAP QM Tutorial SAP QM - Home SAP QM - Overview SAP QM - Components SAP QM - Integration SAP QM - Master Data SAP QM - Inspection Methods SAP QM - Sampling SAP QM - Inspection Plan SAP QM - Quality Info Records SAP QM - Lot Inspection SAP QM - Result Recording SAP QM - Usage Decision SAP QM - Listing Inspection Lot SAP QM - In-Process Inspection SAP QM - Final Inspection SAP QM - Defects Recording SAP QM - Quality Notification SAP QM - Benefits SAP QM - Tables Consultant Responsibilities SAP QM Useful Resources SAP QM - Questions Answers SAP QM - Quick Guide SAP QM - Useful Resources SAP QM - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who SAP QM Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to SAP QM. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - In which of the following QM component, someone from the quality department inspects an item as per defined points in inspection plan? A - Quality Planning B - Quality Assurance C - Quality Control D - None of these Answer : B Explanation Under Quality assurance, it includes the quality inspection. A Quality inspection involves someone from the quality department inspects an item as per defined points in inspection plan. You perform the inspection based on one or more inspection lots, where a lot is a request to inspect a specific item. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following module is integrated with QM to manage the costs for defect control and non-confirmative costs in production process? A - SAP Material Management B - SAP Production Planning C - SAP Sales and Distribution D - SAP Controlling Answer : D Explanation You can integrate SAP QM with controlling process to manage the costs for defect control and non-confirmative costs in production process. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following in QM is used to determine the size of inspection lot to be used in inspection plan under Quality planning? A - Master inspection charactertics B - Inspection Method C - Sampling Procedure D - None of these Answer : C Explanation Sampling procedure in QM is used to determine the size of inspection lot to be used in inspection plan under Quality planning. You can define a sampling procedure as fixed sample, percentage or other sample. A sampling scheme contains collection of sampling plans. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is a charactertics of quality control chart type? A - The characteristics for which the control chart is suited B - The control variables a chart contains C - How the control limits are calculated D - All of the above Answer : D Show Answer Q 5 - Is it possible to use an existing sampling procedure as a copy model? A - True B - False Answer : A Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following Transaction code is used to create an Inspection Plan? A - QS21 B - QS31 C - QDV1 D - QP01 Answer : D Show Answer Q 7 - What is SAP inspection type used for final lot inspection? A - 01 B - 02 C - 03 D - 04 Answer : D Show Answer Q 8 - For costing and to decide how many goods are accepted, SAP QM is directly linked to? A - SAP MM B - SAP PP C - Controlling D - SAP Plant Maintenance Answer : C Explanation SAP QM is directed linked to controlling for costing and to decide how many goods are accepted. You update the vendor quality record in the system and this helps to find out if same vendor should continue to supply the material or there is a need to find a new source. Show Answer Q 9 - If you want to display Quality Management standard forms, which of the following can be used? A - QCCF B - QCCM C - QCCN D - None of the above Answer : A Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following module is integrated with QM to manage the costs for defect control and non-confirmative costs in production process? A - SAP Material Management B - SAP Production Planning C - SAP Sales and Distribution D - SAP Controlling Answer : D Explanation You can integrate SAP QM with controlling process to manage the costs for defect control and nonconfirmative costs in production process. Show Answer sap_qm_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
