https://www.tutorialspoint.com/struts_2/struts_online_quiz.htm
Struts2 Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Struts 2 Tutorial Struts2 - Home Struts2 - Basic MVC Architecture Struts2 - Overview Struts2 - Environment Setup Struts2 - Architecture Struts2 - Examples Struts2 - Configuration Struts2 - Actions Struts2 - Interceptors Struts2 - Result Types Struts2 - Value Stack/OGNL Struts2 - File Uploads Struts2 - Database Access Struts2 - Sending Email Struts2 - Validations Struts2 - Localization Struts2 - Type Conversion Struts2 - Themes/Templates Struts2 - Exception Handling Struts2 - Annotations Struts 2 Tags Struts2 - Control Tags Struts2 - Data Tags Struts2 - Form Tags Struts2 - Ajax Tags Struts 2 Integrations Struts2 - Spring Struts2 - Tiles Struts2 - Hibernate Struts 2 Useful Resources Struts2 - Questions and Answers Struts2 - Quick Guide Struts2 - Useful Resources Struts2 - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Struts2 Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Struts2 Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following feature is present in Struts 2? A - POJO forms and POJO actions B - Tag support C - AJAX support D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above features are supported in Struts 2. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is true about struts-config.xml? A - The struts-config.xml configuration file is a link between the View and Model components in the Web Client. B - In form-beans section, you can map your ActionForm subclass to a name. C - In global-forwards section you can map a page on your webapp to a name D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above statements are correct. Show Answer Q 3 - What are the Struts2 configuration properties that control file uploading process? A - struts.multipart.maxSize B - struts.multipart.parser C - struts.multipart.saveDir D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above are Struts2 configuration properties that control file uploading process. Show Answer Q 4 - What types of validators are available in xml based validation in struts2? A - expression validator B - int validator C - regex validator D - All of the above. Answer : D Explanation All of the above validators are available in xml based validation in struts2. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following theme provides all the basics that the simple theme provides and adds several features like standard two-column CSS-based layout? A - simple theme B - xhtml theme C - css_xhtml theme D - complex theme. Answer : C Explanation css_xhtml theme - This theme provides all the basics that the simple theme provides and adds several features like standard two-column CSS-based layout, using for the HTML Struts Tags, Labels for each of the HTML Struts Tags, placed according to the CSS stylesheet. Show Answer Q 6 - What is the purpose of @DoubleRangeFieldValidator annotation? A - This annotation checks that a double field has a value within a specified range. B - This annotation checks that a field is a valid e-mail address if it contains a non-empty String. C - This annotation validates a supplied regular expression. D - This annotation checks that a numeric field has a value within a specified range. Answer : A Explanation This validation annotation checks that a double field has a value within a specified range. If neither min nor max is set, nothing will be done. Show Answer Q 7 - What is the purpose of @Key Annotation? A - This annotation sets the CreateIfNull for type conversion. B - This annotation sets the Element for type conversion. C - This annotation sets the Key for type conversion. D - This annotation is a marker annotation for type conversions at Type level. Answer : C Explanation This annotation sets the Key for type conversion. The Key annotation must be applied at field or method level. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following tag is to be used to include a JSP file in another JSP page? A - generator tag B - action tag C - include tag D - bean tag Answer : C Explanation The include tag will be used to include a JSP file in another JSP page. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following tag is used to get the property of a value, which will default to the top of the stack if none is specified? A - date tag B - param tag C - property tag D - push tag Answer : C Explanation The property tag is used to get the property of a value, which will default to the top of the stack if none is specified. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following is true in Struts and Apache tiles integration? A - We need to tell tiles, where to find tiles configuration file tiles.xml. B - We need to initialize the Tiles listener that comes with Struts2 download. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Both of the above statements are correct. Show Answer struts_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
