https://www.tutorialspoint.com/questions/5904
The Best Technical Questions And Answers (Page 5904) Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Java JSP iOS HTML Android Python C Programming C++ Programming C# PHP CSS Javascript jQuery SAP SAP HANA Data Structure RDBMS MySQL Mathematics 8085 Microprocessor Operating System Digital Electronics Analysis of Algorithms Mobile Development Front End Web Development Selenium MongoDB Computer Network General Topics Library Courses Q/A eBooks Library Courses eBooks Trending Categories Data Structure Networking RDBMS Operating System Java iOS HTML CSS Android Python C Programming C++ C# MongoDB MySQL Javascript PHP Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who How can we overload a Python function? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Rajendra Dharmkar Published on 07-Dec-2017 10:18:22 In Python you can define a method in such a way that there are multiple ways to call it. Depending on the function definition, it can be called with zero, one, two or more parameters. This is known as method overloading.In the given code, there is a class with one ... Read More How can we create recursive functions in Python? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Rajendra Dharmkar Published on 07-Dec-2017 08:29:17 Recursion is a programming method, in which a function calls itself one or more times in its body. Usually, it is returning the return value of this function call. If a function definition follows recursion, we call this function a recursive function.A recursive function has to terminate to be used ... Read More How to get a list of parameter names inside Python function? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Rajendra Dharmkar Published on 07-Dec-2017 08:18:41 To extract the number and names of the arguments from a function or function[something] to return ("arg1", "arg2"), we use the inspect module.The given code is written as follows using inspect module to find the parameters inside the functions aMethod and foo.Exampleimport inspect def aMethod(arg1, arg2): pass print(inspect.getargspec(aMethod)) def foo(a, ... Read More How to make a chain of function decorators in Python? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Rajendra Dharmkar Published on 07-Dec-2017 08:08:13 Decorators are “wrappers”, which allow us to execute code before and after the function they decorate without modifying the function itself.ExampleThe given code can be wrapped in a chain of decorators as follows.def makebold(fn):     def wrapped():         return "<b>" + fn() + "</b>"     ... Read More What are Python function attributes? PythonServer Side ProgrammingProgramming Rajendra Dharmkar Published on 07-Dec-2017 08:06:59 Everything in Python is an object, and almost everything has attributes and methods. In python, functions too are objects. So they have attributes like other objects. All functions have a built-in attribute __doc__, which returns the doc string defined in the function source code. We can also assign new attributes ... Read More Previous 1 ... 5898 5899 5900 5901 5902 5903 5904 Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Helping Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
