https://www.tutorialspoint.com/the_full_stack_web_development/index.asp
The Full Stack Web Development - Tutorialspoint Early Black Friday| Use Code "EARLY" to get 10% Extra OFF on Checkout Sale Ends In  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs The Full Stack Web Development Learn Full Stack Web Development Building Over 40+ Projects   Eduonix Learning Solutions    Development, Development Other    Published on 10/2019 0 ? ? ? ? ? Curriculum Overview Author Details Feedback Introduction 1 Lectures Introduction 09:34 Preview Resources  Main-content.pdf Basic HTML Programming 6 Lectures HTML5 Programming 9 Lectures Styling with CSS3 9 Lectures Twitter Bootstrap Programming 11 Lectures Basic JavaScript Concepts 7 Lectures jQuery Programming Techniques 7 Lectures Backend programming with Node.js 12 Lectures App Development with Meteor.js 8 Lectures App Development with Angular 10 Lectures Backend Programming with PHP 22 Lectures Backend Programming with Ruby On Rails 11 Lectures Database Design using MySQL 10 Lectures Database design using PostgreSQL 9 Lectures MongoDB - Learning NoSQL Database Design 12 Lectures Learning CouchDB 8 Lectures Redis - The Cache Database 12 Lectures Learning Caching Using Memcached 6 Lectures Markdown- The formatting markup language 4 Lectures Sass - The CSS Preprocessor 8 Lectures Git & Version Control 6 Lectures Task Runners - Grunt and Gulp 7 Lectures Chrome Developer Tools 6 Lectures PHP Errors, Debugging & Config 5 Lectures Course Summary 1 Lectures Description Gone are the days when developers used to be the expert of back-end or front-end web development. Today, developers have become multifaceted and they just don’t play a single role and are called Full-Stack web developer knowing all the sides of web development. Moreover, some of the big names and even various other businesses are now only hiring a Full-Stack web developer who can work on the front-end, back-end and everything in between. However, learning different aspects altogether has become a little complicated and difficult for developers. Because of this, we have designed this 1 massive course which will help you become a Full-Stack web developer with the time. Why you should take this course? Full-Stack web development requires the use of 3 or more technologies so that you can design the entire application or the website from scratch. Basically, there are 5 major aspects of Full-Stack web development which a developer should know. These include Front-end, Back-end, Cache/Memory, Database and Version Control. This massive 40+ hrs of the online tutorial covers all the technologies and aspects by stitching it together for giving all the students wholesome learning experience. You’ll learn all the concepts step-by-step, and will be able to figure out the big picture rather than in bits and pieces. This course includes- HTML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery for front-end development Node.js, Meteor.js, Angular, PHP, Ruby on Rails for back-end development MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, CouchDB, Apache Cassandra for Database understanding Other essential technologies like Memcached, Apache Solr, Apache Lucene and Redis GIT, Subversion, Task Runners, Debuggers for version control and debugging That’s not all! Apart from these, you’ll get various practical examples of projects and codes so that you can learn all the concepts thoroughly. Along with all these, this online tutorial is also packed with a myriad of projects like CSS3 Drop-down Menu, jQuery Slider, CD Collection DB, HTML5 Audio Player, PHP Bookmarker, PHP MySQL Messaging App and others. So, what are you waiting for? Become a Full-Stack Web Developer today with this heavy but practical and project-focused course covering every essential concept of Full Stack Web Development. What Will I Get ? Learn core concepts of both the front end and backend programming course Get familiar with the latest web developer technologies and ecosystems Learn all about sql and nosql databases Learn complete web development process Requirements Basic Knowledge of Programming will help but is not necessary as this course will start from basics 0 ? ? ? ? ? Course Rating â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… â˜… 0% Feedbacks (0) No Feedbacks Yet..! Submit your feedback Rating ? ? ? ? ? Feedback (Optional) This Course Includes : 33 hours Completion Certificate Sample Certificate 207 Lectures Lifetime Access 30-Days Money Back Guarantee You Save Add to Cart Buy Now Related Videos view more × Sample Certificate About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
