https://www.tutorix.com/buy_activation.php
Tutorix Pricing & Buy Activation 1800-833-6464 Buy Activation Why Tutorix Features Login Buy Tutorix Activation Single Activation to Study all the Classes Worldclass Education at Affordable Prices We have reduced our subscription cost so that every student can afford it during this pandemic, though our content and teaching pedagogy is the best among our competitors. Still if your family income is less than Rs4.5 Lakhs per year then drop us an email with income certificate to get special discount. Single Activation to Study all the Classes Just subscribe once to study all the classes starting from 6th to 10th on your Desktop, Laptop or any iOS or Android Mobile Devices. Yes you just need a single activation key to explore the plethora of knowledge. Soon we are going to start uploading 11th, 12th, NEET and JEE video lectures with the higest possible quality and your single subscription will include everything. So activate your multi-year subscription to become part of this once-in-a-lifetime offer Enjoy Learning. Tutorix Management 6 Months 215/- 110 Buy Activation Now 1 Year 360/- 175 Buy Activation Now 2 Years 715/- 285/- Buy Activation Now 3 Years 1,070/- 400/- Buy Activation Now 4 Years 1,430/- 500/- Buy Activation Now 5 Years 1,785/- 570/- Buy Activation Now Enjoy Tutorix without Internet If you have already activated your Tutorix Membership then you can buy Micro SD - Card or Lenovo 7" Tab at extra cost to enjoy Tutorix without internet connection. A separate Micro SD-Card is required for each class. Lenovo Tab will be loaded with tutorix app which can be used for 6th, 7th and 8th classes. Micro SD-Card and Lenovo tab can be delivered with in India only.   999/- Buy Now 4,999/- Buy Now   Tutorix for Schools School Plans Highly Discounted Tutorix provides a perfect solution for your school. Make it part of your students study kit and same time give a fantastic tool to your teachers for effective classroom teaching for a guaranteed improved result at amazingly low price. Quick Overview Highly discounted subscription cost for all the Schools. Customized learning App with School Brand and loaded with Tutorix content. Play HD Videos in your classroom TV or Projector to explain complex subject in easy way. Separate access to tutorix account for every student to revise concepts at home. A centralized dashboard for the teachers to check students progress and performance. Various performance reports including top performers and low performers. For a Free Demo Contact Sales Free Registration Feel confident before you deep dive If your are not sure before activating your membership then register for free which gives you access on Tutorix for a limited time to experience it's amazing videos, text notes and quizzes for all the classes.   Join Now   ï»¿ Referral Program Distribute the referral code to your friends and ask them to register with Tutorix using this referral code. Once we get 15 subscriptions with your referral code, we will activate your 1 year subscription absolutely free. Your subscribed friend will also get 1 month subscription absolutely free. Ask Your Doubts We are really eager to clarify your doubts An amazing way to learn Maths and Science through high quality visuals for 6th to class 12th, NEET and IIT/JEE exams preparation. Join Now 1800-833-6464 contact@tutorix.com Company About Us Our Team Our Faculty Behind the Scene Tutorix for Schools Contact Us FAQ Reseller Opportunity Follow us Available on Â© Copyright 2021, Tutorials Point India Limited. All Rights Reserved Terms of use  | Refund Policy  | Privacy Policy Your trail period will expire in 0 days, please Buy Activation to continue your learning.
