https://www.tutorix.com/about-us.htm
ï»¿ Tutorix - About our CBSE Learning App 1800-833-6464 Buy Activation Why Tutorix Features Login About Us Overview Tutorials Point is an eLearning company that set out its journey by providing self-learning tutorials to a class of readers that responds better to online content. With Tutorials Point, you can learn at your own pace, in your own space. The journey commenced with a single tutorial on a Computer Science Subject, HTML, in 2006, and buoyed by the response it garnered, we worked our way to adding fresh tutorials to our repository. The website now proudly flaunts an opulent number of tutorials and allied articles on topics ranging from basic Computer Science Concepts, Programming Languages, Web Designing, Management, Soft Skills, and Life Skills, to Academics, General knowledge, and much more. Tutorials Point through its collection of more than a thousand user-friendly tutorials, helping millions of students and professionals worldwide to master new technologies and grow in their career. After a successful journey of providing the best self-learning content at tutorialspoint.com, we created our subscription-based premium product called Tutorix to provide Simplified Learning through High Quality Visuals in the best personalized way for K-12 students, and aspirants of competitive exams like IIT/JEE and NEET. We are close family of skilled peoples those aim is to make our students learning easy, innovative and impactful. For Class 6th - 12th, NEET and IIT/JEE Exam Mission The Tutorix App has been developed with a mission to provide the best personalized learning for K12 students, and aspirants of different competitive exams like IIT/JEE and NEET. What is Next Over the years, we have mastered the art of presenting our content in the simplest ways possible to make our readers grasp complex topics without much effort. The colors and the visual images that support the content are sure to make learning more engaging and enjoyable. Learning with us is bound to ignite the curiosity of our learners. Quality is paramount for us. While creating Tutorix, we have utilized all our expertise that we have gained over the years to make sure the final product exceeds the expectation of our users. We are confident that you will enjoy the Tutorix experience. ï»¿ Referral Program Distribute the referral code to your friends and ask them to register with Tutorix using this referral code. Once we get 15 subscriptions with your referral code, we will activate your 1 year subscription absolutely free. Your subscribed friend will also get 1 month subscription absolutely free. Ask Your Doubts We are really eager to clarify your doubts An amazing way to learn Maths and Science through high quality visuals for 6th to class 12th, NEET and IIT/JEE exams preparation. Join Now 1800-833-6464 contact@tutorix.com Company About Us Our Team Our Faculty Behind the Scene Tutorix for Schools Contact Us FAQ Reseller Opportunity Follow us Available on Â© Copyright 2021, Tutorials Point India Limited. All Rights Reserved Terms of use  | Refund Policy  | Privacy Policy Your trail period will expire in 0 days, please Buy Activation to continue your learning.
