https://www.tutorialspoint.com/prime-pack/unleash-the-power-of-microsoft-excel/index.asp
Unleash the Power of Microsoft Excel - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Unleash the Power of Microsoft Excel Unleash the Power of Microsoft Excel - Simply Easy Learning   Tutorialspoint Prime Pack Content Overview MS Excel Online Training Video 102  Lectures  |   10 hr 6 min  |   5  Preview Lectures Advanced Excel Video 16  Lectures  |   1 hr 8 min  |   3  Preview Lectures Excel Simplified - 101 Tips Video 101  Lectures  |   7 hr 27 min  |   8  Preview Lectures Must Know Excel Formulas and Functions Video 2  Lectures  |   1 hr 55 min  |   1  Preview Lectures Power Pivot - Big Data Analysis Made Easy Video 20  Lectures  |   1 hr 1 min  |   6  Preview Lectures Microsoft Excel 365 - from basic to advanced Video 87  Lectures  |   10 hr 35 min  |   12  Preview Lectures Excel Tutorial Ebook 166 Pages Excel Tutorial Preview Description Overview: Hands on Excel Training from Beginner to Advance Level, Course Includes Next Level Excel Skills, Workbooks, Exercises, Functionality, 101 Excel Tips and Tricks, Audit Data Using Pivot Tables, Charts, Analysis Functions, Macros, Data Analysis and Automation, Insights about DAX Formulas, Microsoft Excel 365 and Much More. 8 Modules 462+ Lectures 38+ Hrs HD Videos Course Designed by Industry Experts Up-to-Date Curriculum eBook Full Lifetime Access 30 Days Refund Policy Certificate on Completion About Premium Pack: Welcome to our Excel Premium Pack. It has been designed in such a way that will grant you access to analyze data at any level by using Microsoft Excel. Whether you are beginner or advanced level professional, help you to create spreadsheets and perform advanced level data analysis with functions , Microsoft 365, formulas, charts, macros, DAX formulas, tips and tricks and much more. Scope of Microsoft Excel: As of 2021, Possessing Microsoft Excel skills has become one of the most must-have strengths irrespective of professions. Job roles that advance excel holds for you: MIS Executive, Project Managers or coordinators, Market Research Analysts, Digital Marketers. As of 2021, Above professionals can earn as much as $192,000 a year! Goals The basic of using Excel. Get an hand-on experience on how to use Excel Formulas And Functions. Design attractive data presentation utilizing various formatting and graphic techniques You will Explore SmartArt, Pivot Tables & Charts Including Slicers, Data Grouping & Analysis and Tracing Errors. Learn about Advanced Excel skills such as using DAX formulas, also known as Data Analysis Expressions How to connect data from different sources before feeding them into 1 single pivot table You will get to know Relationship mapping, Power Pivot Table and way of doing VLOOKUP() Learn about the best practices in Power Pivot modeling Building the ultimate dashboard in Power BI that utilizes DAX formulas and much more Prerequisites Basic Computer Fundamentals & Terminologies No other knowledge is required, as each step is explained fully in the course. Will to become an expert in excel This Prime Pack Includes : 32 hours 6 Video Courses 1 eBooks Lifetime Access Price - You Save Add to Cart Buy Now About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
