https://www.tutorialspoint.com/ebook/up_and_running_google_automl_and_ai_platform/index.asp
Up and Running Google AutoML and AI Platform - Tutorialspoint Biggest Price Drop | Don't Miss Our BIG Black Friday Sale Sales Ends on 28th November  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs  Business  Login  Sign up  Library  Courses  eBooks  Prime Packs Add to Cart Buy Now Up and Running Google AutoML and AI Platform   Navin Sabharwal   BPB Publications    Formats - EPUB, PDF    Pages - 178    ISBN - 9789388511926    Development, Data Science and AI ML, Machine Learning Tags - Featured    Published on 11/2020 You Save About the eBook eBook Preview Author Details Description A step-by-step guide to build machine learning and NLP models using Google AutoML Key Features •Understand the basic concepts of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing •Understand the basic concepts of Google AutoML, AI Platform, and Tensorflow •Explore the Google AutoML Natural Language service •Understand how to implement NLP models like Issue Categorization Systems using AutoML •Understand how to release the features of AutoML models as REST APIs for other applications •Understand how to implement the NLP models using the Google AI Platform Description Google AutoML and AI Platform provide an innovative way to build an AI-based system with less effort. In this book, you will learn about the basic concepts of Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing. You will also learn about the Google AI services such as AutoML, AI Platform, and Tensorflow, Google’s deep learning library, along with some practical examples using these services in real-life scenarios. You will also learn how the AutoML Natural Language service and AI Platform can be used to build NLP and Machine Learning models and how their features can be released as REST APIs for other applications. In this book, you will also learn the usage of Google’s BigQuery, DataPrep, and DataProc for building an end-to-end machine learning pipeline. This book will give you an in-depth knowledge of Google AutoML and AI Platform by implementing real-life examples such as the Issue Categorization System, Sentiment Analysis, and Loan Default Prediction System. This book is relevant to the developers, cloud enthusiasts, and cloud architects at the beginner and intermediate levels. What will you learn By the end of this book, you will learn how Google AutoML, AI Platform, BigQuery, DataPrep, and Dapaproc can be used to build an end-to-end machine learning pipeline. You will also learn how different types of AI problems can be solved using these Google AI services. A step-by-step implementation of some common NLP problems such as the Issue Categorization System and Sentiment Analysis System that provide you with hands-on experience in building complex AI-based systems by easily leveraging the GCP AI services. Who this book is for This book is for machine learning engineers, NLP users, and data professionals who want to develop and streamline their ML models and put them into production using Google AI services. Prior knowledge of python programming and the basics of machine learning would be preferred. Table of Contents 1. Introduction to Artificial Intelligence 2. Introducing the Google Cloud Platform 3. AutoML Natural Language 4. Google AI Platform 5. Google Data Analysis, Preparation, and Processing Services No Datials Available Related eBooks view more About us Terms of use Cookies Policy FAQ's Teach with Us Contact Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
