https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vb.net/vb.net_online_quiz.htm
VB.Net Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses VB.Net Basic Tutorial VB.Net - Home VB.Net - Overview VB.Net - Environment Setup VB.Net - Program Structure VB.Net - Basic Syntax VB.Net - Data Types VB.Net - Variables VB.Net - Constants VB.Net - Modifiers VB.Net - Statements VB.Net - Directives VB.Net - Operators VB.Net - Decision Making VB.Net - Loops VB.Net - Strings VB.Net - Date & Time VB.Net - Arrays VB.Net - Collections VB.Net - Functions VB.Net - Subs VB.Net - Classes & Objects VB.Net - Exception Handling VB.Net - File Handling VB.Net - Basic Controls VB.Net - Dialog Boxes VB.Net - Advanced Forms VB.Net - Event Handling VB.Net Advanced Tutorial VB.Net - Regular Expressions VB.Net - Database Access VB.Net - Excel Sheet VB.Net - Send Email VB.Net - XML Processing VB.Net - Web Programming VB.Net Useful Resources VB.Net - Quick Guide VB.Net - Useful Resources VB.Net - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who VB.Net Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to VB.Net. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is correct about VB.NET? A - Visual Basic .NET (VB.NET) is an object-oriented computer programming language implemented on the .NET Framework. B - It is not backwards-compatible with VB6, and any code written in the old version does not compile under VB.NET. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation None of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following converts the expression to Decimal data type in VB.NET? A - CDbl(expression) B - CDec(expression) C - CInt(expression) D - CLng(expression) Answer : B Explanation CDec(expression) ? Converts the expression to Decimal data type. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following accesss modifier is used in generic interfaces and delegates? A - In B - Iterator C - Key D - Module Answer : A Explanation In ? It is used in generic interfaces and delegates. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following accesss modifier specifies that the type is covariant? A - NotOverridable B - Optional C - Out D - Overloads Answer : C Explanation Out ? For generic type parameters, the Out keyword specifies that the type is covariant. Show Answer Q 5 - Which of the following accesss modifier specifies that one or more declared programming elements are accessible only from within their own class or from a derived class? A - Private B - Protected C - Public D - ReadOnly Answer : B Explanation Protected ? Specifies that one or more declared programming elements are accessible only from within their own class or from a derived class. Show Answer Q 6 - Which of the following accesss modifier specifies that a property can be written but not read? A - Widening B - WithEvents C - WriteOnly D - ReadOnly Answer : C Explanation WriteOnly ? Specifies that a property can be written but not read. Show Answer Q 7 - Which of the following statement declares the name of an interface and introduces the definitions of the members that the interface comprises? A - Structure B - Module C - Interface D - Function Answer : C Explanation Interface ? Declares the name of an interface and introduces the definitions of the members that the interface comprises. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following operator returns a Type object for the specified type? A - AddressOf B - Await C - GetType D - Function Expression Answer : C Explanation GetType ? It returns a Type object for the specified type. The Type object provides information about the type such as its properties, methods, and events. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following property of Array class in VB.NET gets a 32-bit integer, the total number of elements in all the dimensions of the Array? A - Rank B - LongLength C - Length D - None of the above. Answer : C Explanation Length gets a 32-bit integer that represents the total number of elements in all the dimensions of the Array. Show Answer Q 10 - Which of the following keyword of VB.NET is used to throw an exception when a problem shows up? A - Try B - Catch C - Finally D - Throw Answer : D Explanation Throw ? A program throws an exception when a problem shows up. This is done using a Throw keyword. Show Answer vb.net_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
