https://www.tutorialspoint.com/vbscript/vbscript_online_quiz.htm
VBScript Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses VBScript Tutorial VBScript - Home VBScript - Overview VBScript - Syntax VBScript - Enabling VBScript - Placement VBScript - Variables VBScript - Constants VBScript - Operators VBScript - Decisions VBScript - Loops VBScript - Events VBScript - Cookies VBScript - Numbers VBScript - Strings VBScript - Arrays VBScript - Date VBScript Advanced VBScript - Procedures VBScript - Dialog Boxes VBScript - Object Oriented VBScript - Reg Expressions VBScript - Error Handling VBScript - Misc Statements VBScript Useful Resources VBScript - Questions and Answers VBScript - Quick Guide VBScript - Useful Resources VBScript - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who VBScript Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to VBScript Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - Which of the following is true about VBScript? A - Microsoft VBScript (Visual Basic Script) is a general-purpose, lightweight and active scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modelled on Visual Basic. B - VBScript is the primary scripting language for Quick Test Professional (QTP), which is a test automation tool. C - VBScript, for the most part, is case insensitive. It has a very simple syntax, easy to learn and to implement. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 2 - What is the scope of a constant declared using Private in VBScript? A - The Private constants are available for all the scripts and procedures. B - The Private Constants are available within the procedure or Class. C - Both of the above D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination The Private Constants are available within the procedure or Class. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following function of VBScript converts a given number of any variant subtype to Long? A - CDbl B - CInt C - CLng D - CSng Answer : C Explaination CLng function converts a given number of any variant subtype to Long. Show Answer Q 4 - How will you get the absolute value of the given number in VBScript? A - Using Abs function B - Using Exp function C - Using InStr function D - Using InStrRev function Answer : A Explaination Using Abs function, which returns the absolute value of the given number. Show Answer Q 5 - How will you get length of a string using VBScript? A - Using Trim function B - Using Len function C - Using Replace function D - Using Space function Answer : B Explaination Using Len function, which returns the length of the given string. Show Answer Q 6 - How will you reverse a String in VBScript? A - Using StrReverse function B - Using Compare function C - Using InStr function D - Using toString function Answer : A Explaination Using StrReverse function, which returns a String after reversing the sequece of the characters of the given string. Show Answer Q 7 - How to call a function in VBScript? A - Using Call keyword. B - Using Function keyword C - Using function name D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination To invoke a function in the script, you would simple need to write the name of that function with the Call keyword. Show Answer Q 8 - Which of the following statements destroys an object in VBScript? A - delete obj B - Set obj = Nothing C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : B Explaination Set obj = Nothing destroys an object. Show Answer Q 9 - Which of the following is used to capture a runtime Error in VBScript? A - Err object. B - Error object. C - Both of the above. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination If we want to capture the error, then Err Object is used. Show Answer Q 10 - What is the output of A & B in VBScript if A = 5 and B = 10? A - 15 B - 510 Answer : B Explaination & operator concatenates two values. So A + B will give 510. Show Answer vbscript_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
