https://www.tutorialspoint.com/webservices/webservices_online_quiz.htm
Web Services Online Quiz Ã— Home Jobs Tools Coding Ground Current Affairs UPSC Notes Online Tutors Whiteboard Tutorix Login Categories Academic Tutorials Big Data & Analytics Computer Programming Computer Science Databases DevOps Digital Marketing Engineering Tutorials Exams Syllabus Famous Monuments GATE Exams Tutorials Latest Technologies Machine Learning Mainframe Development Management Tutorials Mathematics Tutorials Microsoft Technologies Misc tutorials Mobile Development Java Technologies Python Technologies SAP Tutorials Programming Scripts Selected Reading Software Quality Soft Skills Telecom Tutorials UPSC IAS Exams Web Development Sports Tutorials XML Technologies Multi-Language Interview Questions Q/A Library eBooks Courses Learn Web Services Web Services - Home What are Web Services? Why Web Services? Web Services - Characteristics Web Services - Architecture Web Services - Components Web Services - Examples Web Services - Security Web Services - Standards Web Services - Summary Web Services Resources WebServices - Questions & Answers Web Services - Quick Guide Web Services - Useful Resources Web Services - Discussion Selected Reading UPSC IAS Exams Notes Developer's Best Practices Questions and Answers Effective Resume Writing HR Interview Questions Computer Glossary Who is Who Web Services Online Quiz Advertisements Previous Page Next Page   Following quiz provides Multiple Choice Questions (MCQs) related to Web Services Framework. You will have to read all the given answers and click over the correct answer. If you are not sure about the answer then you can check the answer using Show Answer button. You can use Next Quiz button to check new set of questions in the quiz. Q 1 - What is the purpose of XML in a web service? A - A web services takes the help of XML to tag the data, format the data. B - A web service takes the help of XML to transfer a message. C - A web service takes the help of XML to describe the availability of service. D - None of the above. Answer : A Explaination A web services takes the help of XML to tag the data, format the data. Show Answer Q 2 - Which of the following is correctly defining web service interoperability? A - Web services allow various applications to talk to each other and share data and services among themselves. B - Other applications can also use the web services. C - Web services are used to make the application platform and technology independent. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above options are true about web service interoperability. Show Answer Q 3 - Which of the following role of web service architecture provides a central place where developers can publish new services or find existing ones? A - Service Provider B - Service Requestor C - Service Registry D - None of the above. Answer : C Explaination The Service Registry provides a central place where developers can publish new services or find existing ones. It therefore serves as a centralized clearing house for companies and their services. Show Answer Q 4 - Which of the following is correct about HTTP protocol? A - Currently, HTTP is the most popular option for service transport. B - HTTP is simple, stable, and widely deployed. Furthermore, most firewalls allow HTTP traffic. C - This allows XML-RPC or SOAP messages to masquerade as HTTP messages. D - All of the above. Answer : D Explaination All of the above options are correct. Show Answer Q 5 - What WSDL stands for? A - Web Services Description Language B - Web Services Direction Language C - Wired Services Description Language D - Web Services Dialect Language Answer : A Explaination WSDL stands for Web Services Description Language. Show Answer Q 6 - What UDDI stands for? A - Uniform Description, Discovery, and Integration B - Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration C - Uniform Discovery, Description, and Integration D - Uniform Discovery, Delivery, and Integration Answer : B Explaination UDDI stands for Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration. Show Answer Q 7 - Web Services is self-describing via a common XML grammar. A - true B - false Answer : A Explaination Web Services is self-describing via a common XML grammar. Show Answer Q 8 - Web services are used to make the application platform and technology independent. A - false B - true Answer : B Explaination Web services are used to make the application platform and technology independent. Show Answer Q 9 - A web service takes the help of WSDL to transfer a message. A - true B - false Answer : B Explaination A web service takes the help of SOAP to transfer a message. Show Answer Q 10 - The Service provider provides a central place where developers can publish new services or find existing ones. A - true B - false Answer : B Explaination The Service registry provides a central place where developers can publish new services or find existing ones. Show Answer web_services_questions_answers.htm New Quiz Previous Page Print Page Next Page   Advertisements Print  Add Notes  Bookmark this page  Report Error  Suggestions Save Close Dashboard Logout About us Refund Policy Terms of use Privacy Policy FAQ's Contact © Copyright 2021. All Rights Reserved.
